---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: 2001-02-08 08&colon;36&colon;18
date: 2001-02-08 08:36:18
lj_slug: 1919
lj_id: 1919
---
I just got my UO Third Dawn public beta yesterday. It's ok, but it still crashes a lot. Nothing seems to hold my attention these days. I have multiple projects on "bordom hold" and I can't seem to get anything done. I have this urge to rebuild our global communications networks and create the usability/power ideal that many people constantly strive for. This interaction mecca is floating around in my brain, but like most things, I can't collect it and express it. The person who can comprehend my creative ramblings and express them to the world would be a genius and my savior. I thought about working on NTW for a while but, like everything else, I just can't get into it.  
I've been a little lonely lately; but thats probably due to Valentines hype that always appears this time of year. It would be nice to have a gf but I don't think I could deal with another ruined relationship, which is inevitable. I should go up on floor, surrounding myself with friends usually helps. Maybe I'll get people into an off-the-wall short term project. Nothing like a weekend hack to get your mind focused.  
Blah....I think I'll go get lunch soon. First, I leave you with a passage from "The Book of Tea" by Okakura Kakuzo  



Tell me, gentle flowers, teardrops of  
the stars, standing in the garden,  
nodding your heads to the bees as they  
sing of the dews and the sunbeams, are  
you aware of the fearful doom that  
awaits you? Dream on, sway and frolic  
while you may in the gentle breezes of  
summer. Tomorrow a ruthless hand will  
close around you throats. You will be  
wrenched, torn asunder limb by limb, and  
borne away from your quiet homes. The  
wretch, she may be passing fair. She may  
say how lovely you are while her fingers  
are still moist with your blood. Tell  
me, will this be kindness? It may be  
your fate to be imprisoned in the hair  
of one whom you know to be heartless or  
to be thrust into the buttonhole of one  
who would not dare to look you in the  
face were you a man. It may even be your  
lot to be confined in some narrow vessel  
with only stagnant water to quench the  
maddening thirst that warns of ebbing  
life.
