---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: 2001-07-02 13&colon;39&colon;11
date: 2001-07-02 13:39:11
lj_slug: 18985
lj_id: 18985
---
As promised, the rest of, the story.  



I resigned myself to reinstalling my machine so I figured I flash a new BIOS while I was at it since the latest RAID BIOS introduces incompatabilities and renders old stripe sets useless. I flashed it and on reboot it informed me that disk 2 was part of a broken mirror and I should fix it. A glimmer of hope entered my eye....I hit CTRL-H and sure enough, there is a new option -- "Rebuild RAID Set". I selected it and was informed that I should not try and rebuild a RAID-1 stripe.....GRRRR!!!  



I decided that was it and I passed the point of no return, I installed Win2k. I struggled a bit to get everything working and rebooted 38 times (yes, I counted) while windows performed all it's updates, etc. I now had an up-to-date, working windows install (minus the disk with QNX which was just causing me more problems anyway) Now it's time to re-install all my apps and try and grab all my old mp3. Shouldn't be too bad, 90% where from mp3.com and almost all the rest I pulled off cassette and vinyl. Maybe I'll try and find *ster versions so I don't have to locate another tape deck. Blah.  



BTW, the new Cerative playcenter 2 (comes with my sblive drivers) is pretty cool. It's skinable and has good music organization features (kinda reminds me of itunes)...and it rips like a mad bitch. I just ripped everything, everything in under 8 minues (using all EIDE drives)...not bad. I think it uses the sblive's DSP to compress the PCM. The only feature it lacks is shoutcast streaming support so I d'l the absolute minumal install of winamp and all is well.
