---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: 2001-03-14 07&colon;08&colon;07
date: 2001-03-14 07:08:07
lj_slug: 6181
lj_id: 6181
---
Yesterday was one of the worst days I've had in a long time. I spent all morning trying to fix an SGI and then I was at lunch for a long time. I got nothing done so now I have to work even faster to get everything done in time.  



When I get home, I have an unbelievable headache. I open up the cabinet under my kitchen sink to get some cleaning spray and I notive a rather large puddle. [Kim](http://www.livejournal.com/users/riffraff) had just finished washing some dishes; I checked the drain pipe. The threads on the pipe are striped and it's leaking like a sieve. I drove to the hardware store down the street and it was closed so I started to drive to Chase Pitkins. By now, my stomach is in knots as I quickly head towards a breakdown. I decided I was sick of fixing thing so I drove home, put some duct tape on the pipe, a bucket under it and called my landlord.  



I didn't really want to cook anything so I took some ground beef out of the freezer and got some elbow macaroni so I could make [American Chop Suey](http://search.allrecipes.com/SearchResults.asp?site=allrecipes&allrecipes=allrecipes&q1=american+chop+suey). I defrosted the meat and put it in a pot to brown when I noticed it was the rest of the stew lamb I bought last week. Too late to refreeze it so I figured I would just cook it and make a stew or something later. I defrosted the correct package of meat. The top of the tomato sauce jar was stuck so I tried opening it with a towel, etc. Eventually it opened but it slipped out of my hand and the glass jar broke sending tomato sauce everywhere. Kim started to clean it up while I went upstairs to change my pants and calm down for a minute.  



I was out of ibuprofen, etc and I had a really bad headache. I had some [lortab](http://my.webmd.com/content/asset/uspdi.202392#GXX04) leftover from a previous injury so I took one of those....my night seemed much better after that.  



Today is not improving....I loathe my new boss and I may quit even though I don't have another job lined up yet.
