---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: 2001-03-07 09&colon;09&colon;08
date: 2001-03-07 09:09:08
lj_slug: 5446
lj_id: 5446
---
I had a disturbing dream last night. I was at my family's church and there was some sort of a math conference going on. I ran into patpat and a bunch of other people there, including [Heather](http://www.csh.rit.edu/~spiff), who I havn't thought about in a long time. I had a huge fight with her in November 1999 and I've only seen her twice since then (Toga 2000 and RIT graduation 2000) and I may have exchange an email last summer.  
I try not to think about her much since she's the only person I've loved (besides family) but we really didn't work out when we were dating; we were both miserable. Ah, such is my life. I'm just not really sure how to feal, I should be happy to see her or talk to her because we were really good friends until a couple of years ago and then she made some decisions that really upset me and depresed me so I decided to stay away. Now, I get depresed because of those times but I'm also really sad because I do miss her.  
The thing that upsets me the most is not knowing if all this emotional bagage I bring on myself is really worth it? Sometimes she would say or do things just to irritate or upset me and I'm not sure if she was being mean to me or if it was her way of dealing with my crap. Also, I'm not sure if she cares that we havn't spoken in a year and a half? If not, then I must be really pathetic to have not realized this and probably would have been better off if I'd never met her. If she gets as sad as I do, then it's a shame that neither of us can come to a compromise and get passed this; of course that's probably my fault to.  
I havn't thought all this out for quite a long time. Why do I have to think of it now? Hopefully I'll get it out of my mind soon so I can get on with my life.
