---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: 2002-07-01 09&colon;03&colon;58
date: 2002-07-01 09:03:58
lj_slug: 70166
lj_id: 70166
---
It's been quite a while since I've made a significant post. Things have been busy moving fishslayer and riffraff into the house and we still are not completely unpacked. Neverwinter Nights is annoying me. It worked wonderfully and was very smooth. Then I reinstalled win2k over my existing install (more on that later) and updated everything. Now NWN is very choppy and jittery. These jitters are accompanied by lots of disk activity. I've read some of the threads in the tech support forum for the game and a lot of people are having this problem. So far it seems like a highpoint controller is the culprit. I'm going to install another disk on my standalone ATA/66 controller and see if that helps anything. It wouldn't be so bad if I always had this problem but it's just started. GRRRR!!!  



As for the reinstall...I put some more RAM in my machine and it bluescreened on bootup. Old school grey text on blue background WinNT crash with lots of hex. I pulled the RAM and then it would hang during the graphical progress bar screen. Brian and I thought it was a network issue since booting to safe mode worked fine so I reinstalled the net drivers. No go. I finally decided to reinstall 2k because I was getting frustrated. Big mistake...I should have finished diagnosing this logically. Brian exported my registry and I reinstalled. I started bringing the install up to date. When I installed my Geforce2 drivers, the hang startewd again. I reseated the video card and things were peachy. I had to remove the geforce to get to one of my RAM slots and I hadn't seated it properly when I put it back. A slight annoyance but not too bad. I went to merge my registry and there was an error. I looked at the file and Brian had accidentally exported only the HKEY_USERS subtree. GRRRR!!!!!  



The long rebuild began. Installed NWN and the lag started. Lots of things either helped little or not at all. My disk was VERY fragmented and I couldn't fix it. Some of the fraged files where large NWN files so I uninstalled it. The others where some media files (mpgs of Enterprise). The would not defrag. A while ago I was playing around w/ EFS (encrypted files in NTFS5) and must have forgot to decrypt them. The key for decrpyting was still on \D&amp;S;\Trevor but the new installed created \D&amp;S;\Trevor.MACHINENAME and I can not figure out how to get the key into the new user's settings. Any help on this one is quite appreciated. I had to delete the Enterprise episodes (all I can do w/ these files is delete them) and defragged. Did a full defrag (disable hibernate and set swap file to 0 then defrag, etc.) This did not help with NWN. I'm really angry at this now.  



Hopefully things will brighten.
