---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: dreams
date: 2002-02-25 07:03:55
lj_slug: dreams
lj_id: 54191
---
I had aome strange dreams last night. I'll try and get them down before I  
forget.



First, we (who we are, I've forgotten) were chasing evil in a small town.  
Evil first appeared as a small boy but was soon invisible to humans and  
too on a silvery metallic appearance with cropped ears litle a doberman pincer.  
It kind of reminded me of the smaller monster from _Where the Wild Things Are_ We were walked by a river and we could see a slight distortion just above the  
water where the evil was. If you looked carefully, you could just make out its  
eyes. Of course, looking into its eyes caused you to become a vegetable for a  
few days but if you glanced at them sidelong you could just make out small,  
black pits. When it knew we could see it, it zoomed off across the water, slightly  
disturbing the surface. That's all I remember for this one.



Next, I was in Record Archive shopping for $5 used CDs. I remember looking at  
a few titles but then I think the phone rang and I woke up.



Finally, I remember seeing a single pane black and white comic in the style of  
Dennis the Menace, etc. The dad was sitting on the porch steps and the young  
son was standing on the porch behind him. The son was explaining why we weren't  
the most intelligent things on the planet. If we were, then under certain  
circumstances, a sub-nucleon cloud could surpass our intelligence. Then the phone  
rang again.


<div id="comments"><h4>Comments:</h4><div class="lj-comments"><ul>
<li><h3>klutzywaitress: </h3>
<a id="comment-58"></a>
<p>Record Archive is evil. It is the evil that we all search for. <br>
<br>
<br></p>
</li>
<li><h3>klutzywaitress: </h3>
<a id="comment-59"></a>
<p>ask Kim. he'll tell you Record Archive is evil too. evil like the month long sales it taunts us with.</p>
</li>
</ul></div></div>
