---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: 2002-02-24 15&colon;43&colon;21
date: 2002-02-24 15:43:21
lj_slug: 53768
lj_id: 53768
---
First off, I seem to have misplaced my tape drive. I put my tekram scsi card in one of my machines and it is recognized, etc. I went to install my DAT drive and it is nowhere to be found....grrrr!!!  



Last night, my car was making wierd noises when I started driving. I thought it was wind blowing through the fender. klutzywaitress was driving it today and I was in the passenger's seat. The noise came from the back of the car. Less than a mile from home, by the pool, someone honks at us. Turns out, the noise is a flat tire. I niticed it first, when driving back from RIT. Then we went to ravenstar and Jeff's place. Then to RIT and back today. GRRRR!!! I pulled into the pool parking lot. Of course, my hydrolic jack is at home so I have to use the crappy Nissan jack. Car is up, lug nuts are off, and the tire won't come off. I check the manual to see if there's anything kooky I need to do. Nope. I pull some more. Nothing. I send Jenn to call riffraff and have him bring a sledge or something.While she is gone, I manage to wedge the long bar used to operator the jack into a bent hole and pry the tire off (there was a little rust on the brake drum that was holding the rim on). Best part...the flat was caused by a roofing nail embedded in the tire...my neighbor just had his roof redone and the guys who did it filled my drivway with crap from the roof. This sucks.
