---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: 2002-03-30 19&colon;38&colon;59
date: 2002-03-30 19:38:59
lj_slug: 56562
lj_id: 56562
---
Since phyber's journal is friends only, I'm reposting this.  



spam  
lol! the csc mailing list happens to get hit with a metric fuckton of spam, which i normally just delete. but, i could not resist posting this one, it is fucking hilarious:  



Date: Fri, 29 Mar 2002 09:41:22 +0000  
From: webmaster@dk.com  
Subject: Aliens or Time Travelers PLEASE HELP!  
To:  
Precedence: bulk  



If you are a time traveler or alien disguised as human and or have the technology to travel physically through time I need your help!  



My life has been severely tampered with and cursed!! I have suffered tremendously and am now dying!  



I need to be able to:  



Travel back in time.  



Rewind my life including my age back to 4.  



I am in very great danger and need this immediately!  



I am aware of two types of time travel one in physical form and the other in energy form where a snapshot of your brain is taken using either the dimensional warp or an electronic device and then sends your consciousness back through time to part with your younger self. Please explain how safe and what your method involves.  



I have a time machine now, but it has limited abilitys and is useless without a vortex.  



If you can provide information on how to create vortex generator or where I can get some of the blue glowing moon crystals this would also be helpful. I am however concerned with the high level of radiation these crystals give off, if you could provide a shielding or other crystals which give off a north polarized vortex field just as strong or strong enough to make a watch stop this would be great.  



Only if you have this technology and can help me exactly as mentioned please send me a (SEPARATE) email to: IneedTimeTravel@aol.com  



Please do not reply if your an evil alien!  
Thanks


<div id="comments"><h4>Comments:</h4><div class="lj-comments"><ul>
<li><h3>alynch: </h3>
<a id="comment-64"></a>
<p><br>
  I got that one, too. <br>
<br>
  I created a throwaway email account, william@sprawl.net, and sent a reply from there.<br>
<br>
  Results should be interesting.</p>
</li>
</ul></div></div>
