---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: 2002-09-20 16&colon;11&colon;09
date: 2002-09-20 16:11:09
lj_slug: 79368
lj_id: 79368
---
Time to flush the livejournal cache and make some posts I've been collecting in my brain for a while. First, to clarify my last post:



  * I had to work at 7:00 this morning and wasn't really needed  



  * I spilled peanut butter on my freshly laundered pants  



  * It's hot and sticky  



  * I'm getting fined $100 for avoidable burglar alarms (2 over the "free" limit) because norton kept setting it off  



  * More bills keep showing up and I still can't pay them



Next, she probably doesn't read this anymore, but happy belated birthday to . I wanted to call monday to wish you a good one but I was really busy on campus and forgot. Watch the mail for a card 'cause I'm sending one when I get a free second.



I just woke up from a nap with an intense urge to cry. Doesn't usually happen, especially when there's no overriding reason flowing through my head at the time. I screamed real load for a second as a little tension breaker and that seemed to help. I think my stressometer is reaching critical levels (I guess this is an appropriate song right now). Sometimes I think I should have just gone [home](http://www.rhodeisland.com) and look for a nice easy job as a short order cook or something. I could have stopped doing all the things that make me want to jump out a window and caught up on things I really miss doing; like playing my oboe, climbing, coding whatever strikes my fancy at the moment, etc. I could easily have done that for a year or so then gotten back to the stress of school and stuff. I probably would have done that if it wasn't for a [welcomed complication](http://www.livejournal.com/users/klutzywaitress) that walked into my life nearly a year ago. As much as I'm frustrated with her idiosyncrasies at times she really means the world to me and couldn't deal with a whole year away from her right now. Besides, jenn is really the glue that's holding my stress fractured self together right now.



I havn't talked much about a certain event that had (and still has) a much bigger effect on me than I let on. I felt I had to be strong during everything but right now I need to vent about it a little so this paragraph is really for me (you can skip on if you like). I was devastated when it happened and was in disbelief for a long time. I jsut wanted it to be a bad dream or something. It reaffirmed my somewhat dismal view of the world and destroyed one of the only bastions of strability. I guess the evidence was there and many people didn't notice it or didn't want to notice it. The timing really sucked and I think that was the worst part (I'm still quite angry about that aspect). Oh well, live and learn I guess...and I always thought my cynical outlook on life was really unjustified like many people try to tell me. I look at it this way; if I don't expect much out of life, the downs seem less severe and the ups are absolutely wonderful. No money and no time to do everything are just another day of the same old thing, but when klutzywaitres comes home from work, I perk up and a smile always finds its way onto my face...for a short time at least, nothing else matters and I'm absolutely elated with the world.



Ok, you can read again. I was hoping to have a Samhain feast this year. Perhaps an excuse for my *agan (please see *nix) friends to do something this year and mearly an excuse for me to cook. It would actually be a "harvest/Samhain" feast, probably happening a day or so after the 31st to accomodate people. Seems someone I had hoped would help does not even want to come. I'm not angry, just not sure if I want to do this now. I may still be able to do something if there's interest...all you people out there interested in a feast? The food would have a medieval england/france theme. Since I'm poor, I'd ask people to donate money to the cause ahead of time so I could purchase food and stuff (price would be determined once I have an idea who would be showing up but hopefully will not be much). If you are interested, please let me know soon so I can plan this. I'd like a count by the first week of October. Anyone vaguely connected to me (I.E. friends of friends, etc) is welcome but I have limited space (unless someone want to donate a large yard or arrange for some space and tables in a park or something). Ok, that's all I've got to say about that.



In the career area, I'm torn. I'm really enjoying grad school and I have a renewed vigor in my decision to be a computer scientist and professor. The job front depresses me. There isn't much out there and what is there is mostly in very undesirable places (like San Fran area) and it's mostly professional code monkey jobs. That's fine for the short term but I am a mathematitian and damn it, I wanna do math!! My hope is that I get into MIT next year or the year after (depends on timing) and a PhD from there will get me a nice job at IBM research or somplace like that. The problem: I don't even know how I'm gonna be paying for my masters at RIT, forget about MIT. I'm looking for jobby-jobs in Rochester, Providence, and Boston but anything I'm likely to get (read: code monkey or sys admin (I know I said I'd NEVER do this again but I'm getting a little desperate here)) don't really exist in these places right now. Even if I get a job, how am I gonna handle full time work and PhD work at MIT? I'm really open to suggestions so please chime in. I'd still like to open a tea shop or restaurant but that requires capital and lots of time investment. I could take a couple of years off to but the time in but I don't have any money and my credit is not happy right now. I could try and get a job as a chef at a restaurant to get started but that's a long term career before any money is made and I have very shakey references (extensive personal experience, but only one job in restauraunt (my current one baking bagels)). GRRR!!! Any rich people out there want me to cook them dinner? If I impress you with my l33t skl13t sk1lz then you can give me money to open a restaurant and hire a ocmpetent business manager. (I know...this is like hitting the lottery).



I was gonna avoid posting about this but I am ranting arn't I? My roommates are kinda pissing me off and it's tough cause they have a few valid points. One want to more his bedroom to the newly finished attic. It's twice the size of the bedrooms so we decided earlier to make it an office/media room so there wouldn't be contention for bedroom space. Now he keeps bugging us to let him have it for a bedroom. His room space is taken up by a large table with his computer on it. I had figured he'd move it to the office (and he was thinking about putting it in the currently overfull office a couple of weeks ago). He says he doesn't want to do this because "then [he'll] just have a bed in [his] room" Am I wrong or is it called a bedroom for a reason, not a dorm room? Jenn and I are currently squished in a small bedroom (same size as the others but two of us in there). We barely have room to get dressed in the morning and we have to keep clothes cached in boxes around the house. He says we'll have a sencond bedroom if he goes upstairs (currently we have the "office" but it has some stuff of everybodies in there). I guess he doesn't realize that a second room doesn't fix the problem that oue bed and dressers occupy most of the room and we can't magically expand into the extra space. His (and now, he's got the other roommate on his side) next argument is that I have more space around the house than anybody. He cites my writing desk in the hall and the go room. That stuff was there when they moved in and is there because nothing else was in those places and the desk and goban make the house look a little more homey. Also, everyone is more than welcome to use them, or put something else there is there's a good reason to (I.E., the hall spot is not good for storing more computers and boxes but some appropriate piece of furniture or something would be fine.) Besides, the love seat, most of the kitchen stuff, etc. is mine but that doesn't mean that I've encompassed more of the house...my stuff is there for group use. Finally, we all split bills and rent but my name is on all of the bills so when one is missed it shits on my credit and we do miss bills sometimes. It's my fault on occasion but often I just don't get the money when I should (for example...there is a bill I have paid but havn't gotten money from someone...another bill that's been posted on the fridge is overdue and I havn't gotten money for it...another is coming up and I havn't gotten money for it). I'm the only one on the lease and because my last roommate left one day without paying bills and rent he owed my landlord doesn't want anyone living here who isn't on the lease. Now I'm getting shit about the lease even tho it's not really changed in two years (last year it was ammended to change the number of occupants and allow for a cat). Nobody seems to want to sign it (except jenn who already did) because they wanna be able to leave at the drop of a hat (which would suck for me as well). I end up don't most of the cleaning (although quite a bit is being done by someone who doesn't even live year...I don't necessarily like it but that person is adament about helping out). I need an independant opinion...does it sound like I'm just being stuborn or are they being selfish?



Well, I think this classifies as my longest post to date. Lots of words and it's taken me nearly an hour to write. I need a drink and some tv. Then I have lots of homework to do. I could use a hug too but I guess I need to wait for jenn to get out of work for that one. *sigh*


<div id="comments"><h4>Comments:</h4><div class="lj-comments"><ul>
<li class=subject><h3>fuzzybunny: struck by inspiration</h3>
<a id="comment-99"></a>
<p>ok, you get to be the latest victim of my quote of the day obsession and my dale carnegie "straight talk" therapy at work:<br>
<br>
"Intimate relationships cannot substitute for a life plan. But to have any meaning or viability at all, a life plan must include intimate relationships."  Harriet Lerner<br>
    <br>
putting relationships or partners before yourself and your own needs can't lead to anything good.  if the relationship lasts, then you didn't get to take credit for your own success or failure -- <strong>don't under estimate the satisfaction of taking responsibility for your own life -- good or bad</strong>;  and if the relationship doesn't last, then you put your life on hold for someone who doesn't want anything to do with you anymore.  relationships are supposed to be in your life, not be the cause of your life.  i'm speaking from experience.<br>
<br>
<br>
"Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment." <br>
-Buddha <br>
<br>
  "Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow." <br>
-Anon.  <br>
<br>
"The problem: I don't even know how I'm gonna be paying for my masters at RIT, forget about MIT... Even if I get a job, how am I gonna handle full time work and PhD work at MIT?"<br>
-Trevor Clarke<br>
<br>
Maybe if you start sacrificing goats, the god of PhDs will leave one under your pillow!!  Or, you could to MIT, hand-cuff yourself to the president's door and hold your breath until they give you some letters after your name.  You are one of the smartest people I have ever known, but you have your head up your ass and the fumes are affecting your brain.  Don't you realize that if you had taken a job that was "beneath you" after you lost your last job, you would have all kinds of experience under your belt and on your resume, money in the bank, and some self confidence and self respect?  what you DO have now is a lesson to learn from that:  stop reading the last page of the novel and just open it to the first page... or since you are a climber:  you can't stand on the top of the mountain without climbing up the base.  <br>
<br>
i admire you for having goals and i hope that you accomplish them all, but you should try to take a first step first.   </p>
</li>
<li class=subject><h3>fuzzybunny: part 2 cuz the original was too long</h3>
<a id="comment-100"></a>
<p>and while i'm still on my coffee high:<br>
<br></p>
<blockquote>
<blockquote>
<p>"I need an independant opinion...does it sound like I'm just being stuborn or are they being selfish?"&lt;&lt;  duh, of course they are being selfish.  and immature.  but you've always known that.  just like when i lived with you.  i didn't want to do shit, neither did you or brian.  you live in a place that you just rent with all of your college furniture and your selfish college mentality.  you guys are stuck in that time.  not that there's anything wrong with that, but you can't expect anything more!  no one wants to invest too much effort because the whole situation is seen as temporary.  i think that this will make sense to you, and if you acknowledge it, then you have to do something about it, or stop yer bitching and accept that no one is ever going to care.   <br>
<br>
i couldn't handle all that, i got out.  i couldn't take anymore of living a life where my power had to be shared with so many people:  roomates and husbands especially.  i had to take responsiblity for my own life and sink or swim on my own.  and maybe people will think i am not a cool college-life person anymore (not to mention an evil bitch) because i go to bed at 10pm and get up for work every morning.  well you know what? there's something after college: it's called life.  i work a job that is not the coolest thing in the world, but i have a great time with the people i work with and i have a sense of satisfaction, accomplishment, self respect, a steady paycheck, and a home that i am proud of because I am in control of it.  yes, i share my home with someone else, but he and i both take responsibilty for it and are proud of it.  those games of "hold out on washing the dishes to see who breaks down and washes them first", and "not giving your share of the bill money on time" don't even exist in my world.  he and i would both take care of the entire house by ourselves because it is each of ours. and the beauty of the situation is that we end up NOT taking care of the entire house by ourselves because we respect each other and wouldn't leave all the work for the other person!!  <br>
<br>
trevor, it makes me so sad that you are having so much trouble right now.  and i care a lot about you despite the fact that i had trouble living with you... i admit it.  when i did live with you, i frequently wanted to strangle you.  mostly, i blamed you for a lot of my problems, and i am truly sorry for that.  the sad thing is, we have known each other for many many years, and i still don't think i know anything about you.  but after reading the novel that you posted, i am realizing that i know more about you than i thought i did...probably because our lives have been on nearby roads for the last few years.  i think i know the feelings that you are having now, because i was having similar ones about a year ago.  <br>
<br>
i've been afraid of life and other related subjects for too long.  i am not afraid to tell you what i really think about your out of control with immaturity life because i care about you and you need to hear it.  and if you hate me for this or whatever, than i guess that means you really aren't my friend, and that would make me sad.  unfortunately, we seem to have that half-assed friendship that i have had with most people from rochester (i just didn't let anybody in at that point in my life).  the strange fact is that once i stopped living with you, blaming you for my problems, and hating my own life because it sucked and i was not in control of it, i realized that you actually have the potential to be a real friend from my "past life in rochester" (hey, your one of the few people i know who is crazier than i am :-) ).  the even stranger fact is that i feel comfortable telling you this in the forum of the internet, but i wouldn't have been able to think of it all if we were standing face to face....but i think that's just a generation thing.  <br>
<br>
if you put as much effort into doing life instead of dreaming about it, you might actually end up moving your ass far enough to get the damned PhD you keep rambling about.<br>
<br>
much love,<br>
rachel</p>
</blockquote>
</blockquote>
</li>
</ul></div></div>
