---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: 2002-05-13 07&colon;36&colon;10
date: 2002-05-13 07:36:10
lj_slug: 62369
lj_id: 62369
---
Friday: I ran around like a crazy person getting last minute stuff packed. Then I picked klutzywaitress from work and went to the [CSH](http://www.csh.rit.edu) graduation roast. It was fairly tame put pretty well organized and run. A good time was had. Next, off to New Hampshire. Seven hours later we roll into Etna and sleep for a few hours.  



Saturday: Coffee, breakfast, and some touring around the area (Dartmouth, etc.) and back to the house for Jenn's Dad's birthday party. Lots of peolpe there, lots of food, lots of fun. Went to see Jenn's uncle sing at a mother's day dealie. Some more hanging out, then sleep.  



Sunday: Wake up, coffee, breakfast, packing, ready to go. Jenn's dad and brother keep us there for 2 1/2 more hours telling stories (she'll post them to [her journal](http://www.livejournal.com/users/klutzywaitress) probably). We finally roll out at noon just as it starts to rain. We drive down 89 and 93 at a slightly pokey pace (coffee here, lunch there) and get to Boston. Traffic is stopped on 93 so Storrow Drive it is. After driving around Comm Ave for 1/2 hour looking for Jenn's friend's house we find it. Dinner at a great Thai place (best in Boston for 2001). Off to RI. We roll in there about 7:00. Quick visits around, then Adult Swim, then bed.  



Monday: Just out of the shower. I'm not sure what's up for today but I think we are going to Providence for a couple of hours. I want to go sailing but it is rainy and crappy out so I'll have to come back in a bit and go sailing. I'm going to eat now.
