---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: 2002-03-18 12&colon;33&colon;47
date: 2002-03-18 12:33:47
lj_slug: 55702
lj_id: 55702
---
So, [RG&amp;E;](http://www.rge.com) never received the electric payment I sent online over two weeks ago (the site says 10-14 days to post and I made it >14 days ago). They left a 72-hour tag on my door friday. I have 72hours to pay or they shut my power off. They are closed all weekend so I planned on calling first thing today but while I was taking a shower, they disconnected me. I called RG&amp;E; and explaned my situation used as few profanities as I could. The supervisor I finally talked with told me I should bend over and accept their pointy stick since I have little other choice for service and they make the rules. Minimum re-connect time, tomorrow morning. Oh, then she tells me that there is a damaged wire on my riser (the bundle of wires that goes down the side of the house) and they absolutely will not consider reconnecting my power until the wire is fixed and inspected. I contacted my landlord who was nearly as angry as myself and he promised to fix it ASAP (hopefully it is done now). GRRRRRR!!!! So now I am more poor than before, I still don't have power, and I'm itching to play [Tradewars](telnet://wopr.notcows.com).


<div id="comments"><h4>Comments:</h4><div class="lj-comments"><ul>
<li><h3>phyber: </h3>
<a id="comment-60"></a>
<p>trade wars!  oh man...  i want to play that again, i had so much fun when we had it running on floor!</p>
</li>
<li class=subject><h3>pinkysaurus: hmmm....</h3>
<a id="comment-61"></a>
<p>Didn't we go through deregulation? So you could have a choice????</p>
<ul>
<li class=subject><h3>riffraff: Re: hmmm....</h3>
<a id="comment-62"></a>
<p>Sort of. I can choose who to buy power from but I still need to purchase a powergrid connection from RG&amp;E. I wish <a href="http://www.ge.com">they</a> would hurry up and release their home fuel cell commercially.</p>
<ul>
<li class=subject><h3>riffraff: Re: hmmm....</h3>
<a id="comment-63"></a>
<p>um, btw, the last post was by Trevor, who apparently forgot to log in.  silly goose.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul></div></div>
