---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: 2003-05-21 08&colon;05&colon;28
date: 2003-05-21 08:05:28
lj_slug: 93162
lj_id: 93162
---
Mixed feelings today. I didn't pass my kung fu test but I'm not that surprised; I just didn't have the time to prepare properly. Actually, I had a "passing" grade but sifu did not pass me (a 90-100 is automatic, 85-89 is sifu's discretion) since I made minor mistakes on multiple things instead of once technique/area causing a lot of trouble. Oh well, I can always test again and this won't stop me from learning new techniques with the rest of the class. (I keep reminding myself that one of the students testing did not pass last time and sifu had to test one of his ranks 4 times before making it).  



I got back my computer graphics paper today. I rushed it a bit because I had so many other things to did so it was not as long as it should have been and I felt that is was not as thorough as it should have been. I was expecting a B at best. The only thing written on it (besides a circle around a sections heading I forgot to remove when I dropped that section from the paper) was.



  * very interesting  



  * section 4.7 was particularly clear and concise! (this is the "empty section" mentioned above)



Had me thinking that it was so awful he didn't bother wasting the ink. Then I found the grade nestled comfortably near my title. It was a bouncing baby A. I'm feeling pretty good about this. I got a 100 on my first project, I feel confident that I did equally as well on project two (grade will be in later tonight) and I know I didn't do quite as well on the two tests but I think I'll get a B on that part of the class. Project 3 is almost done (due tomorrow) and I think I'll kick butt on that (it's a simple particle animation but I think it looks quite good).  



That is all for now. So long, fair well, until we meet again...
