---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: 2003-05-19 13&colon;13&colon;51
date: 2003-05-19 13:13:51
lj_slug: 92729
lj_id: 92729
---
There have been some problems lately and some very tao solutions. My kung fu rank test is scheduled for 6:30 tonight but I have a final exam (20% of my grade) scheduled for 6-8. I forgot about this until last week. Kung fu couldn't change because someone else could not make it any other time. I desperatly emailed my comp arch prof asking to re-schedule that exam expecting a no. I heard nothing all weekend. Sent a follow up email this morning then went to do laundry. Got back about 12:30. There's an email waiting for me. Basically, he wouldn't do this normally but he rescheduled an exam for another student for 1pm today and agreed to let me take it then if I swore on every family member (alive, dead, or unborn) that I would not discuss the exam in any detail with anybody. I drove quickly to school to take the exam not entirely prepared because of the short notice. The exam wasn't too bad, one problem I was not sure about but made a logical guess and I was unsure about some small parts of other problems but I'm figuring on a solid B.  



Jenn got her thesis grade today and her fears were unfounded. She did very good and got lots of hugs'n'stuff. She bought me a Chaplain (yummy coffee thingy) to celebrate. Her commencement (yup, she's gragiatin') is this saturday at 1:30 in Clark gym so feel free to stop buy, wish her luck, send her chocolate, etc.  



In other news, my roommates bought Jenn and I tickets to the Destroyers concert last night. It was bitchin and the weather was wonderful. Thanks!  



I'm heading home to prepare for kung fu now. Wish me luck!
