---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: 2004-02-25 11&colon;27&colon;40
date: 2004-02-25 11:27:40
lj_slug: 125325
lj_id: 125325
---
I'm waiting around for my final presentation this quarter. The project went well. We didn't complete all our goals but we have a solid system and a good demo. It's been a stressful few days. I had a final on monday, had to write a language for that class last week, and this presentation and two papers. On top of all that, I havn't had much time for jobs so it's going to be a tight week or two.  



In other news, my paper didn't get accepted to SIAM. They wanted a more developed project including some results and I'm not quite at that point. Oh well, there are other conferances. I got a B in my programming language theory class. I was hoping for an A but I'm not suprised. I nearly missed the second and third labs because I was busy and didn't get to them until the day they were due. They were not my best work. I'm expecting an A in security in ad hoc networks which will be nice for my GPA. I'm done with classes after this quarter so I can concentrate fully on my thesis.  



Went over to Tim and Carol's place for a fat tuesday party. Brian was there briefly, Sara and Kim showed up and Carol's brother Bob was there. We played some video games and drank some beer. Jenn brought melon balls and yummy rasberry fruit dip. We ended the night with a viewing of Once Upon a Time in Mexico. It was a reasonably good film.  



More updates on my crappy morning a little later.
