---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: dream last night (full private version)
date: 2004-12-20 22:59:14
lj_slug: dream-last-night-full-private-version
lj_id: 170138
---
I wrote this right after waking up so I'd forget as little as possible so it is a little [](http://www.google.com/search?hl=en&client=firefox-a&rls=org.mozilla:en-US:official&q=stream+of+conscience&spell=1)stream of conscience.  



Jenn and I were in a corner apartment with railroad tracks behind us. She went to work and I went out. When we left there were lots of people outside and police there. Somthing about a bomb which we thought was on the tracks. It was small and the police said under control, they were there as a precaution. We thought nothing of it so we left. It gets a little weird now. I went off to a small local town that was kind of like a couple of the local ones but not. Phyber's office was there but I had never been and not seen her for quite some time (like now). I decided to sneak over and say hi. She must have seen me because she came out and was excited. Just then some guys from the base came by (so it must have been near here) to get some mail so she helped them while we chatted. She had to go back to work but we planned to get together later. A co-worker of hers was nearby and had partly joined the conversation. It was now late and this person suggested we get some food. Phyber returned to work. I seemed to have a lot in common with this person and thought jenn would too so I was gonna suggest she com back home and hang out with us. I called jenn to check but was a little evasive about bringing someone so as to surprise her. We were heading home by the tracks and it seemed to take a long time while I talked to jenn on the phone...we decided on reheated lasagna. When I got there, the police were still there and lots more people were there too. As a slight aside, this is where I checked slashdot on the fence next to me and they were having server problems. Continuing, a cop was handing out safety glasses and would not let us to my apartment. Apparently the bomb was about to explode. This part surprised me because he said it was at an apartment just down from mine which belonged to jeff and meghan. I became quite agitated at this point. Siddenly, there was a small pop kind of a sound as it went off. I ran over. Some friend was there who I can't remember and a cop was dragging leif hardin out. This was very strange as leif probably doesn't even know jeff and meg but his a dream after all. I don't know why he was there but he apparently was jeff's roommate and was really upset. He was saying stuff about jeff. He was not in cuffs and later I found out he was just being pulled out until he could get himself under control. I looked in and jeff was sitting in a lawn chair looking very spacey and upset. Nobody was hurt but it was obvious this was a suicide attempt. He was mumbling something and holding a large wall plaque or something which looked kind of familiar in the dream but I can't recall now. The friend and I finally got in the house and I removed a couple of socks which had been hanging over the door drying after being washed earlier. At this point I woke up.
