---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: strange dream
date: 2004-01-20 22:44:29
lj_slug: strange-dream-119137
lj_id: 119137
---
I just woke up from a nap and I actually remember the dream I had and it's kinda strange. I was at my high school but it was now. I was with someone I went to high school with (at least in the dream I do since I don't recognize her). We didn't run with the same crowd and I don't think I particularly liked her but now we were talking and I had the feeling she'd taken a shine to me. I was waiting for Jenn to pick me up and this girl wanted a drink so we stopped at the ice cream shop that was on the soccer field (told you it was wierd) and got ice cream sodas. I didn't like mine because it wasn't a real ice cream soda, just super sweet orange soda with a scoop of ice cream in it. The guy said the soda tap wasn't working which is why we got crappy soda. I suggested maybe we go to the mall and get something but I was nervous about that since jenn was due any minute and I didn't want to miss her. While we were walking outside the building this girl grabbed me and kissed me. It kinda felt good for the first half a second or so but then I realized I couldn't breathe through my nice (it was a little stuffed up so I could breathe out but not in) so I fought the kiss. This was a good excuse because I didn't really want to kiss her anyway (that whole having a girlfriend thing). At this point I woke up, must really have not been breathing in well or something. Not sure what to make of this one....hmmm.


<div id="comments"><h4>Comments:</h4><div class="lj-comments"><ul>
<li class=subject><h3>klutzywaitress: The cheerleader made me do it! I swear!</h3>
<a id="comment-174"></a>
<p>so you had a dream about involuntarily cheating on your girlfriend? interesting...</p>
</li>
</ul></div></div>
