---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: 2004-11-01 09&colon;53&colon;16
date: 2004-11-01 09:53:16
lj_slug: 161471
lj_id: 161471
---
Happy samhain for those so inclined. And nearly happy Guy Fawkes day for those others.  



I had a pretty good weekend. Some good tai chi on saturday and some cleaning around the house. Saturday night, lots of little kiddies came by for a sugar fix ("official" trick or treating in our area was saturday this year). Jenn missed some because she had to work but when she got home we watched Transylvania 6-5000.  



Sunday was some more cleaning and volunteering for jenn. I watch Blood: The Last Vampire (FINALLY!) and some shows on the History Channel. I made a yummy eye round roast (brined) and hung out. Jenn came home about 10 and we watched some of another History Chanel show (on the salem witch trials).  



I am now back at work. It's going to be a busy week as we have a dealine coming up. I really want to play some Deliria but I don't really have time to set something up...maybe I'll try and track down a small online game. Oh well, back to work now.


<div id="comments"><h4>Comments:</h4><div class="lj-comments"><ul>
<li><h3>pisceskitty: </h3>
<a id="comment-279"></a>
<p>Who IS Guy Fawkes??</p>
<ul>
<li><h3>retrev: </h3>
<a id="comment-280"></a>
<p>In the early 1600's (1605 I think) he was part of a group of Catholic conspirators who wanted to blow up the (mostly Protestant) Houses of Parliment in London. He was caught with some barels of gunpowder in the sewers under Parliment. On Guy Fawkes day, people make effigies of Fawkes and burn them in a large bonfire. Fireworks are also featured and many children carry their dolls around for a few days before the burning and ask passers by for "a penny for the guy."</p>
<ul>
<li><h3>retrev: </h3>
<a id="comment-281"></a>
<p>And to answer your actual question...Guy Fawkes is a rotted corpse buried somewhere in England. To find out who he was, read above.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul></div></div>
