---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: 2004-04-25 15&colon;23&colon;05
date: 2004-04-25 15:23:05
lj_slug: 134883
lj_id: 134883
---
Normally, I avoid these but I'm having morivation issues right now and this will occupy some of my time.  



1\. Who are you?  
2\. Are we friends?  
3\. When and how did we meet?  
4\. How have I affected you?  
5\. What do you think of me?  
6\. What's the fondest memory you have of me?  
7\. How long do you think we will be friends?  
8\. Do you love me?  
9\. Do you have a crush on me?  
10\. Would you kiss me?  
11\. Would you hug me?  
12\. Physically, what stands out?  
13\. Emotionally, what stands out?  
14\. Do you wish I was cooler?  
15\. On a scale of 1-10, how hot am I?  
16\. Give me a nickname and explain why you picked it.  
17\. Am I loveable?  
18\. How long have you known me?  
19\. Describe me in one word.  
20\. What was your first impression?  
21\. Do you still think that way about me now?  
22\. What do you think my weakness is?  
23\. What makes me happy?  
24\. What makes me sad?  
25\. What reminds you of me?  
26\. If you could give me anything what would it be?  
27\. How well do you know me?  
28\. When's the last time you saw me?  
29\. Ever wanted to tell me something but couldn't?  
30\. Do you think I could kill someone?  
31\. Do you think our friendship is getting stronger/weaker/or staying the same?  
32\. Do you feel that you could talk to me about anything and I would listen?  
33\. Are you going to put this on your LiveJournal and see what I say about you?


<div id="comments"><h4>Comments:</h4><div class="lj-comments"><ul>
<li><h3>fishslayer: </h3>
<a id="comment-209"></a>
<ol>
<li>Who are you?  One of the old ones<br></li>
<li>Are we friends?  most definatly<br></li>
<li>When and how did we meet?  school, you gave me a place to sleep<br></li>
<li>How have I affected you?  I dont have that kinda time to write <br></li>
<li>What do you think of me?  One of the kindest, most loving people i know<br></li>
<li>What's the fondest memory you have of me?  All the times we just talked and listened to each other<br></li>
<li>How long do you think we will be friends? forever<br></li>
<li>Do you love me? yea<br></li>
<li>Do you have a crush on me? LOL NO!<br></li>
<li>Would you kiss me? I might<br></li>
<li>Would you hug me? yes<br></li>
<li>Physically, what stands out? eyes<br></li>
<li>Emotionally, what stands out? loyalty<br></li>
<li>Do you wish I was cooler? no<br></li>
<li>On a scale of 1-10, how hot am I?  lol 6<br></li>
<li>Give me a nickname and explain why you picked it.  johnny, as in johnny on the spot to help<br></li>
<li>Am I loveable?  most likely<br></li>
<li>How long have you known me?  has it been 8 or 9 years?<br></li>
<li>Describe me in one word.  friend<br></li>
<li>What was your first impression?  giving<br></li>
<li>Do you still think that way about me now?  yea<br></li>
<li>What do you think my weakness is?  trust<br></li>
<li>What makes me happy?  Jen<br></li>
<li>What makes me sad? to personal to post, ask me<br></li>
<li>What reminds you of me?  a lot of music oddly enough<br></li>
<li>If you could give me anything what would it be?  A restored MG<br></li>
<li>How well do you know me?  Pretty good i bet<br></li>
<li>When's the last time you saw me?  umm the other day, tuesday?<br></li>
<li>Ever wanted to tell me something but couldn't?  nope<br></li>
<li>Do you think I could kill someone?  in defense<br></li>
<li>Do you think our friendship is getting stronger/weaker/or staying the same?  stronger<br></li>
<li>Do you feel that you could talk to me about anything and I would listen?  yea<br></li>
<li>Are you going to put this on your LiveJournal and see what I say about you?  sure</li>
</ol>
</li>
</ul></div></div>
