---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: SimCon
date: 2004-03-29 12:41:32
lj_slug: SimCon
lj_id: 129537
---
SimCon was a blast. I played some Munchkin on friday then headed over to the Dark Ages LARP. Nobody showed up....we couldn't track down the LARP organizers. While I was waiting around I had a conversation with [Laughing Pan Productions](http://www.laughingpan.com) about a new role playing heavy game called [Deliria](http://deliria.laughingpan.com). The creator was there and it's none other than Phil Brucato of Mage (and other White Wolf) fame. I talked with him and with the head of the Deliria fan org (sorta like the Camarilla). They had me hooked after about ten minutes.  



Phil was running a game the same time as the LARP and since I couldn't find the LARPers, I played Deliria. It was much fun! Very rules light system which can be used for table top, online, or LARP play without any modification; although there are optional rules which may be a bit of a hinderance in a LARP. The setting is urban fantasy and involves normal people in extraordinary situations. There is magic, etc. but it's low key and not noticable by most. Fae play a big role in the supernatural aspect so the setting is similar to Changeling (but without the polictical annoyances that CTD has). The game involved some random folks who enjoy hanging out at this park which is separated from the city by stone walls....very peaceful, etc. They are pulled into an alternate world and back again as they discover faeries...a young girl/flock of birds known as Raven, a skinny old man/tree called simply The Stick Man, and a rock star/breeze (as in wind) called Arial. The Stick Man is trying to get home after he was trapped in our world by his love interest, the Breeze. Raven is a playful and friendly character trying to help the Stick Man.  



Thing were going well with the group and we decided to continue during Phil's saturday night spot (introducing new characters, instead of repeating the story in a second session). fishslayer came with me on saturday. I convinced him to speak with Phil and play. After a few minutes he had purchased the rule book (simply for the art and prose) and decided to play. I think he enjoyed it.  



Stay tuned....when I have a few minutes, I'll be putting together a short Deliria game to get some more friends hooked.


<div id="comments"><h4>Comments:</h4><div class="lj-comments"><ul>
<li><h3>pisceskitty: </h3>
<a id="comment-200"></a>
<p>Trevor!!<br>
<br>
Yeah, go ahead and friend me, hon.  I plan to do the same.  Nice to "see" you again!<br>
<br></p>
</li>
</ul></div></div>
