---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: 2004-03-31 05&colon;51&colon;38
date: 2004-03-31 05:51:38
lj_slug: 130661
lj_id: 130661
---
Perhaps it won't be that bad of a day after all. Yesterday, Dr. Muhammad Zaki, a bigwig in bioinformatics and data mining, came to RIT to give a talk and meet with some of the research groups. I had the oppotunity to give a short presentation and chat with him about my thesis. (others did as well). My advisor sent out an email today regarding the visit.



> Thanks to everyone for taking time out from your classes and research and projects to help with Zaki's visit today.  
> To say the least, he was very impressed by your work. He left with a feeling that he had gained a lot from this visit and he wants to collaborate with us on several fronts. That being in itself a wonderful opportunity, one of his comments was particularly satisfying to me and and I'd like to share it with you as he said it:  
> "Ankur, all the problems your students are working on are 'real' problems. They are all well grounded in related work and none of them are toy problems I often sometimes see even at leading universities."  
>    
> I think it is our teamwork, respect for everyone's work ethic, the guidance we get from Dr. Gaborski and the support from Tracy is what makes such comments possible.  
>    
> Once again, please continue the good work and thank you.  
>    
> -Ankur  
> 



It's great to know that a successful and contributing researcher thought so highly of our group.
