---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: 2004-11-03 06&colon;04&colon;13
date: 2004-11-03 06:04:13
lj_slug: 162690
lj_id: 162690
---
There are two things that frighten me right now.  



People obviously have learned nothing from the 2000 florida problems and Bush is ready to make an acceptance speach. He is ahead by 140 000 votes in OH but there are at least 250 000 provisional ballots outstanding. The odds are certainly in his favor but that means nothing as shown in 2000. Waiting sucks, but lets not jump the gun again.  



The Ohio amendment to ban same sex marriage passed. Three of the most vocal opponents of this are all Republicans (two ohio reps and the ohio gov). Regardless of your views on same sex marraige, the amendment is vague and poorly worded. The propblem is, it was pushed in the religious community who went and voted to constitutionally prohibit same sex marriage but they didn't really read it. I include the amendment in it's entirety.  



"Only a union between one man and one woman may be a marriage valid in or recognized by this state and its political subdivisions. This state and its political subdivisions shall not create or recognize a legal status for relationships of unmarried individuals that intends to approximate the design, qualities, significance or effect of marriage."   



Please take a moment and read this. Reflect particularly on the second sentance and think about the ramifications, I know I have.


<div id="comments"><h4>Comments:</h4><div class="lj-comments"><ul>
<li><h3>craigthegroupie: </h3>
<a id="comment-283"></a>
<p><i>"Only a union between one man and one woman may be a marriage valid in or recognized by this state and its political subdivisions. This state and its political subdivisions shall not create or recognize a legal status for relationships of unmarried individuals that intends to approximate the design, qualities, significance or effect of marriage."</i>
<br>
Whoa, that sounds disturbingly familiar.<br>
<br>
Try this one on:<br>
<br>
<blockquote>ARKANSAS AMENDMENT 3: That marriage consists only of the union of one man and one woman; that legal status for unmarried person [<i>sic</i>] which is identical or substantially similar to marital status shall not be valid or recognized in Arkansas ...[<i>except for one-man-one-woman common-law marriages from other states</I>]... and that the legislature has the power to determine the capacity of persons to marry, subject to this amendment, and the legal rights, obligations, privileges, and immunities of marriage.</i></blockquote>
<br>
I suspect there was some collaboration involved in all this.  Funny how all these very similar amendments showed up on the ballots in so many states all at once.  Probably NOT a coincidence.</p>
<ul>
<li><h3>retrev: </h3>
<a id="comment-285"></a>
<p>Although the one difference I see is Arkansas talks about marriage and "identical or substantially similar" situations. Ohio talks about marriage and legal situations with "approximate design, qualities, significance or effect of marriage." This seems to cover situations which are nothing like marriage except in some effect. For example, people who assign certain death and injury related benefits to parents or siblings because they have no significant other. As most states assign these benefits to a spouse and they are only re-allocated if there is no marriage, this (to me at lease) approximates an effect of marriage and could be outlawed in Ohio. I don't see the same situation in the Arkansas amendment.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>


</ul></div></div>
