---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: 2004-07-06 06&colon;55&colon;20
date: 2004-07-06 06:55:20
lj_slug: 143276
lj_id: 143276
---
I've closed out all my bugs for last week and our monday morning team meeting is rescheduled for tomorrow....bored.  



Anyway, an update on the weekend....  
Saturday evening, Jenn and I went to a fireworks factory just outside Dayton and bought some stuff for the 4th. Less than $20 worth, compared to the thousands of dollars lots of people there were spending. It was an interesting experiences, about half the people there were hommies and the other half were red necks, yet somehow (perhaps the common need for explosives) prevented any SLC Punk-like red neck beatings.  



We drove through downtown Dayton on our way back and were just in time for the fireworks. We got some funnel cake and a beer at the festival and watched the fireworks. A pretty good display. Of note was the lightning storm in the background....humans and nature were competing for the attention of thousands. We snuck out the back way and avoided most of the traffic.  



Sunday, we went to the Fairborn (the town we are in) parade which is apparently the largest in the area. We were there for over and hour and we missed the beginning. Later, hot dogs were for dinner along with some beer.  



At 10:00 we drove over to WPAFB for the fireworks there. We parked at the museum and sat very close to the runways...we were maybe 100 yards from the fireworks launch area and quite close to the USO show that was running for the AF ppl. There were fireworks going off along the horizon all night. While watching the AF show we saw perhaps five or six other displays in the background. These continued while we waited 45 minutes to get off the base (they had to clear the fireworks then opened the area B runways to get the traffic moving). The whole of eastern Dayton was lit up with all the fireworks. Even with all that, the lawn we sat on was very quite and subdued (quite a change from the Dayton fireworks the night before).  



My third cup of coffee is kicking in so I'm gonna do some work.
