---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: 2004-09-15 09&colon;43&colon;21
date: 2004-09-15 09:43:21
lj_slug: 150942
lj_id: 150942
---
I'm back at work after another weekend away. Jenn and I spent 4 days in RI and it was a great vacation.  Thursday we arrived at the airport gate moments before the gate attendent was going to call for us on the intercom...got right on. A short snack in Newark airport and another flight leads us to Boston. We bounced around the T for a while and ended up at the Pru where Jenn went into a couple of stores and we had some Legal Seafood. A boring ride on the commuter train and we were in Attleboro where my mother met us. Ice cream was had.  



Friday we breakfasted at Franks and ran some errands. We cooked a wonderful roast beef with Yorkshire pudding, veggies, and potatoes for my parents and Jenn's aunt and uncle. My gradparents joined us for desert. Much talking occured and an attempt to see the Water Fire in Providenced reveled that our dates were mixed up. Jenn's aunt and uncle returned to the Cape and we went for tea at Tealuxe. (Jenn had bubble tea and I had a wonderful Moroccan mint) Big news arrived as my cousin eloped friday afternoon. It was Seth, Laura, and their respective mothers on Moonstone beach.  



Saturday was Kennedy's for breakfast and more errands. (including the dairy for milk and hermits...MMMMMMM) We prepared for the wedding. It was a very nice ceremony and the reception was extravegant. There were probably 250 people there. We all had a tasty filet mignon. I caught up with some friends I havn't seen in a couple of years and a few I havn't seen since high school. I had a great time.  



On Sunday we went to church. Jenn had never been to the family church and I hadn't met the sorta new (been there 2 years or so) minister who happened to have gone to school  at Crozer in Rochester. We chatted a bit and had lunch after. There were leftovers from a chicken BBQ and the kids made a huge ice cream sunday after. It was about 5.5' long and had lots of homemade whipped cream. Not jsut any whipped cream, but (due to an inclusion in the services earlier) blessed whiped cream +1. mmmmm Later, we visited with Seth, Laura, my aunth Nancy, Jenny, Michael, and of course the newest addition Liam. Dinner was from Twins and was delicious.  



Monday was a day of shopping and stuff. We had some DD coffee and PG slices. Jenn got her hair cut in Providence and we headed to the Providence Place mall. Poking around and some purchasing followed. I got a bitchin set of emasuring cups and spoons. (18/10 stainless with forged handles, none of this riveted crap) Also saw the pepper grinder we want. It has a good feel, ceramic mechanism (of course) and it's shiny copper!  Monday night, Jenn went to the decorative painting class my mom teaches (at her new studio) and made a neat wooden box with dogwood blossoms. I stayed at home with my dad, watched some stargate, and read my grandfather's new book. He published the first chapter or so a couple of years back but the whole this is out now. It's called Lime Rock Days and talks about his time working on the farms in Lime Rock as a child. I enjoyed it emensly. If anyone has an interest in old New England farming, New England history, or the like let me know and I'll see if I can get you a copy. They are only just in so I'm not sure what the price is but it's about 200 pages soft cover so it should be too much.  



On tuesday, we had breakfast at a place near Andrioni's. It used to be the Breakfast Nook or some such thing. I don't remember what it's called now but it was a pretty good breakfast. My mom dropped us at the South Attleboro commuter rail station and we headed to Boston. A couple of suway rides later and we were at the airport. We stopped in Newark again and had panini sandwiches. We avoided the steak house we were originally going to as they server $20 burgers...a little to much for us. Even though we ate right next to our gate we still didn't hear the bording call. No worries though as we made it on to the plane with 10 minutes to spare. This ride was a little bumpy which had Jenn nervous be we arrived in Dayton in one piece. We got home, relaxed for a short while then headed to Red Robin for a beer and a bruger. Oh, and Jenn found out about her new job when we got in so excitment abounded. We saw Anchorman at the $1 theater and it was funny. A stop a Meijer gave us some basic food stuffs, blueberry juice concentrate and some sparking wine. A little celebration, some Daria, Reno 911, and ATHF and we were ready for bed. That brings us essentially to now where I'm stuggling to make the latest dev baseline work. Time to see if my compile is done.


<div id="comments"><h4>Comments:</h4><div class="lj-comments"><ul>
<li><h3>riffraff: </h3>
<a id="comment-242"></a>
<p>consume Whipped Cream +1 of Blessing<br>
<em>you feel holy</em><br>
<br>
is that Whipped Cream of +1K Calories also? </p>
</li>
</ul></div></div>
