---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: update!
date: 2005-09-28 15:08:02
lj_slug: update-209206
lj_id: 209206
---
Yup...I know I havn't updated in ages....been busy at work and doing some wedding stuff. I'm leaving in about 1/2 hour. Gonna get packed and ready this afternoon and leave super early tomorrow morning (I'm shooting for 4am). 8 hours to PA to get Terrasha then another 7 or so to RI. There will be a frantic couple of days doing last minute wedding stuff then the actual wedding on sunday! Monday we're leaving mid morning-ish and should get into Dayton around midnight...just in time to crash for work tuesday morning. I'll be checking mail, etc. occasionally while I'm away but if you need to reach me, my cell phone is the best way. We are considering cancelling the Serenity watching on saturday night. (I know....I'll see it next week tho) This is because many friends are using all their discretionary cash on hotel rooms, etc. so they won't be able to go. Jenn and I would rather hang out with everyone so saturday night will probably nvolve walking around Providence and looking at Waterfire. It's free and fun! Give me a call if you need some more exact times and meetup directions. Everyone is invited! I'm gona finish a few things up them I'm heading out.


<div id="comments"><h4>Comments:</h4><div class="lj-comments"><ul>
<li><h3>pickled_cotton: </h3>
<a id="comment-502"></a>
<p>Have a great time and congratulations!!</p>
</li>
<li><h3>october31st: </h3>
<a id="comment-503"></a>
<p>No... no Serenity? <em>sniffles</em></p>
<ul>
<li><h3>retrev: </h3>
<a id="comment-505"></a>
<p>If enough people want to go still, we can! If not, I promise you will still enjoy it a couple of days later. :-P</p>
<ul>
<li><h3>october31st: </h3>
<a id="comment-506"></a>
<p>I know, I was just looking forward to seeing it with other fanbrats. Meh, I can always drag along the seeester, who watched the trailer over my shoulder once and said, "Hey, that crazy chick is pretty hot." And regardless of what happens, I know much fun will be had :) Only a few more days!</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><h3>working_dreamer: </h3>
<a id="comment-504"></a>
<p>Congrats and have a great time!</p>
</li>
<li><h3>bits: </h3>
<a id="comment-507"></a>
<p>Hey, good luck.</p>
</li>
<li><h3>sberg: </h3>
<a id="comment-508"></a>
<p>Safe travels, see you guys Saturday!</p>
</li>
</ul></div></div>
