---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: part 2
date: 2005-06-03 21:03:06
lj_slug: part-2
lj_id: 194504
---
Sunday evening we went to Meg's b'day party and saw some  peeps. A good time was had reminiscing.  



Monday began with some Jay's food action. Katie hung out with us again. (it was the vacation of 128 hot katies although katie 80 is by far my favorite :) ) We bopped around for a bit and went to casa larga (katie's first time). Later, met brian, anne, and norton for some food. They live a few houses down from the Distillery. MMM.   



Tuesday we met katie again for breakfast at Jim's. There was wheatgrass juice and a beet/apple/carrot concoction in Pittsford at Breathe Yoga. We packed Mimi's kitchen up and then went for ethiopian food. It was super yummy as always. We finished helping Mimi pack a bit more (in theory). Instead she and Jenn crashed for a bit while I watched some TV. The night ended with excellant sushi/sashimi/soup/salad/tea.  



Kim made up strawberry and apricot crepes for breakfast on wed. More katie time. Weggies chinese, then off to her house for a little bit. There was more poking around various Rochester places. That evening, we were are the Old Toad for my birthday celebration. I had beef and ale pie (yumyumyum) and some bitter. Introduced katie to darts (she didn't do too badly....hopefully this won't be her last time playing). Many friends showed up tho it would have been nice to see a few more. ([you know who you are](http://www.livejournal.com/users/phyber) :-P)  



Thursday, we had jim's again with sara, kim, robin, and abigail. It was a good breakfast for the road. We went to our old laundromat to say hi to the friendlyest lady in the world, who of course, was super happy about our engagement. A quick stop at Bruegers for a good bye and some free bagels (thanks Jeff!) Many hours of driving ensued but we got back in one piece.  



All that is said and done now. See [this](http://www.livejournal.com/users/klutzywaitress/349937.html) for an alternative account of the events.
