---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: bored
date: 2005-02-25 09:35:48
lj_slug: bored-179478
lj_id: 179478
---
It's about lunch time and I need a nap. It's been a long week. I wrote a letter to RIT Pres Simone today about the reslife policy changes and how they effect CSH. If you are a CSHer and have not yet heard about this (a letter was sent out to alumni) I can send you some more info. In short, not the normal whining that accompanies minor policy changes, this one is nasty. I suggest all  you CSHers write a letter to Simone that is well thought out, calm, and gets the point across.


<div id="comments"><h4>Comments:</h4><div class="lj-comments"><ul>
<li><h3>ravenstar: </h3>
<a id="comment-342"></a>
<p>Yo, seeing as I have virtually no time lately, you know if there's like a petition to sign or a form letter I can tweak out there?<br>
<br>
Danka.</p>
<ul>
<li><h3>gillybean: </h3>
<a id="comment-343"></a>
<p>I still vote for senselessly involving the media.  It will give them something else to report on besides the damn ferry and RIT hates negative attention and will immediately back down.  That's why the funding never got cut for the Arts School way back in the day....</p>
<ul>
<li><h3>ravenstar: </h3>
<a id="comment-344"></a>
<p>Ooooooh that sounds like a good idea, what is that program again? 10 on your side? Anyone know local media? I'm in.</p>
<ul>
<li><h3>retrev: </h3>
<a id="comment-345"></a>
<p>First, CSH requested that if you do something beyond write a letter that you contact them (chairman at csh) so they know what's going on. Second, Brian knows Norma Holland...don't think he's talked to her more than a few times since high school but it might be a useful contact. Or see if the guy who did CSH's last rnews spot is still there.</p>
<ul>
<li class=subject><h3>gillybean: don't get me wrong...</h3>
<a id="comment-346"></a>
<p>Of course I'm not gonna take such a drastic action without telling anyone, that'd be pulling a Goffin.  Secondly, anyone I've mentioned the idea to that is directly on floor seems to be against it strangely. <em>shrug</em></p>
</li>
<li><h3>ravenstar: </h3>
<a id="comment-347"></a>
<p><q>CSH requested that if you do something beyond write a letter that you contact them (chairman at csh)</q>
<br>
yeah totally. I don't think this'd be without the support of current CSH administration. This would more be like, adding the alumni's to their stuff. I'm just saying I'm in if they need me.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul></div></div>
