---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: 2005-10-17 15&colon;36&colon;21
date: 2005-10-17 15:36:21
lj_slug: 211682
lj_id: 211682
---
Lots of tai chi and kung fu on saturday. I've got to work a little on herr chuan but if I can get that cleaned up by saturday, I'll be ready to test for my next rank. (finally!) I made some crunchy paprika chick peas per Jenn's request for the hootinany that night. We went to elementalamber 's that evening for a Buffy/Firefly mini-hoot. A good time was had! We'll have to host one soon, perhaps when my beer is ready.  



Sunday morning Jenn had to work so I spent some time fixing my file server. That afternoon we went to the store to get some bottles so we could bottle the beer that has been fermenting all week. We made another couple of stops to get supplies for halloween and to get Jenn a haircut.  Sunday I also made some bread which is yummy and is currently shacking up in our new bread box.  



The beer was a bit of a fiasco. I racked over to the bottling bucket and started filling. When to cap the bottles and realized I must have been half asleep when I bought them. They were wine bottles which use a cork, not a cap. Luckily the store closes at 10 on sunday. I zipped down and ended up dropping a few extra bucks on flip top litre bottles. It was that or 12oz bottles. Next time I'll probably get some 12oz bottles as well and make up a case of those to give to friends. I'm not sure if I can return the wine bottles because the owner was not working last night. They guy there didn't think it would be a problem as long as they are clean and re-sellable. I'm going to call in a few minutes to ask. I nipped a little taste of the beer. Aside from being a little flat (it needs some conditioning time in the bottles tp build up some fiz) it's not half bad. This is the first beer recipe I made myself. It's an English mild. I'll put the recipe behind a cut.  



This uses a 60 minute boil and is for a 5gal batch.  



3.3lbs (one can) of amber liquid malt extract  
3.3lbs (one can) of light liquid malt extract  
First flavor hopping: 1oz Kent goldings leaf hops at 60 minutes - 6.6% AA  
Second flavor hopping: 0.5oz Nugget pellet hops at 30 minutes - 13.8% AA  
Aroma hopping: 0.5oz Nugget pellet hops at 5 minutes - 13.8% AA  
Cooper ale yeast (dry)  
4oz corn sugar at bottling  



I pitched at about 90 which is fairly hot but the cooper yeast is very hardy and ferments high so it was not a problem. I fermented at about 72°F and it was a fast fement. Bubbling stopped after about 36 hours but I left it for a week just to make sure everything was done.  



Initial sg: 1.045  
Final sg: 1.012  
Approximate IBU: 25


<div id="comments"><h4>Comments:</h4><div class="lj-comments"><ul>
<li><h3>monsterbrain: </h3>
<a id="comment-539"></a>
<p>How do you make the crunchy paprika chick peas?  Those sound great!<br>
<br>
I &lt;3 beans/legumes/etc.<br>
<br>
BTW, I'm glad that breadbox is turning into a den of sin.  Naughty bread, shacking up...  ;)  What's it shacking up with?</p>
<ul>
<li><h3>retrev: </h3>
<a id="comment-540"></a>
<p>A knife.<br>
<br>
<h3>Paprika chick peas</h3>
<ul>
<li>Get a couple of cans of chick peas (or the equiv dried...rehydrate and cook until tender)..rinse well and pat dry<br>
<li>Toss them lightly with olive oil<br>
<li>Spread them in a single layer on a baking sheet<br>
<li>Bake at 400 or so until they are toasty brown and crunchy...about 25 mins I think...stir them occasionally so they don't burn.<br>
<li>Toss them with salt and paprika (about 1.5t kosher salt and 1-2t paprika to taste)<br>
<li>Put them back on the baking sheet and cook another 2-3 minutes.<br>
<li>Let them cool and enjoy (although I believe Jenn enjoyed them more when they were still warm)<br>
</ul></p>
<ul>
<li><h3>monsterbrain: </h3>
<a id="comment-542"></a>
<p>I need to make those so bad.<br>
<br>
Thanks! :D</p>
</li>
<li><h3>monsterbrain: </h3>
<a id="comment-553"></a>
<p>Just made them.<br>
<br>
T3h yum!</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><h3>klutzywaitress: </h3>
<a id="comment-541"></a>
<p>HAHA! :)</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul></div></div>
