---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: My weekend
date: 2005-08-08 14:23:53
lj_slug: My-weekend-203721
lj_id: 203721
---
_Friday_ Jenn picked me up at work and we headed south to our dance lesson, making a couple of stops on to way to run errands. We had a good lesson. Afterwards, off to C'est Tout for dinner to celebrate (belated) Jenn' new job. They were doing this thing called Eat, Drink and Be Caring. A bunch of local restaurants were offering $20.05 meals and part of that went to the March of Dimes. We both got a roasted corn salad with bell peppers and tomato cilantro vinagrette and cherry clafoutis for desert. Jenn had sauteed salmon and roch shrimp and I had roasted lamb nicoise. I had a Parallele 45 rouge wine which I've always enjoyed and Jenn had my favorite California chardonay from Simi. We went to DLM for a bit then headed home and watched a very funny movie, The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou.  



_Saturday_ Saturday morning started with Tai Chi which I havn't been to in a while. I learned the rest of section three of our form. The rest is very repetative and shouldn't take long to learn..then on to sword forms. There were three seminars I really would have like to attend but we don't really have the money right now. One was on combat knife techniques, basically the course Sifu teaches the Marines and SWAT. Then a class on butterfly knife kali techniques. (the flip blade, not [Chinese butterfly knives](http://www.martialartsmart.net/452067.html)) The third was on nunchaku use, particularly for knife defense. The afternoon was filled with cleaning and some shopping. (groceries mostly) Later that night Jenn and I met Amy at Elbos to see a band. I wasn't too into going out but Jenn wanted to go so I ended being very anti-social but she had a good time.  



_Sunday_ Sunday was a day for sleeping in till about 10. Bacon and eggs joined us for breakfast. We poked around Target, the mall, and KMart then off to Clifton Gorge for a short hike of about a mile. There's a historic mill on the river that has a little gift shop and restaurant so we went in and looked around for a few minutes. As we were leaving, we found $15 on the ground that someone dropped on their way out. We looked around and everyone there had been in the restaurant for some time. Nobody showed up looking for it. We were thinking of leaving it with the cashier but figured chances were godo she would just poket it. The decision was made that it would better serve us than her so after a few more minutes wait to see if anyone showed up, we headed back to the car. Found money karma rules dictate that we spend it immediately and frivilously so off to Dairy Queen for ice cream. Most of the remainder paid our entrance to the Fairborn pool for a quick dip in the hot and muggy evening. We got back with plenty of time before an expected 8pm call that came in closer to 8:30. We had a scheduled phone meeting with a potential DJ. He was a very interesting guy, quite the intelectual and we ended up BSing for nearly four hours before getting down to business. Got off the phone just after 1:30. We gave him a small deposit to hold the date. He was booked but had a cancelation so we got lucky there. He seems a little more expensive than some other DJs but his price is all incluclusive as opposed to the usualy per hour fees and extras for add ons like lighting. The only extra charge is if we want him to cover the ceremony as well as the reception. Also, since he kept the deposit from his cancellation and since we are last minute (as far as DJs are concerned as most are booked 6 months or more in advance) he's giving us a $300 discount. We let on that we were still unsure as to the details of the reception location and that could make a monitary difference. He was understanding and let us put a much smaller deposit down. Normally, yu'd put 50% down but he let us put $100 down. We are looking at a very inexpensive food option which fits some of the themes and is nearly as good a match as our original surprise engagement party plan was. If we go with this place, we'll definately have enough for this DJ. If things go another way and we really can't afford him, we are out $100 worst case.



I'm now in work getting ready for the week. It will probably be a bit slow so I'm looking forward to that for a change. Jabber/AIM me if you are bored...I might actually have time to chat today.
