---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: 2005-12-13 16&colon;33&colon;00
date: 2005-12-13 16:33:00
lj_slug: 218509
lj_id: 218509
---
Last night, kung fu kicked my butt. We spent most of the night working on a couple of kicks. Back spinning inside crescent, which is in the broadsword form I'm currently working. Tornado (front and back) which is in the open hand form I needed for my previous belt so I was already pretty good at this one. Finally, the butterfly kick. It sounds harmless enough but it's not. You've probably seen something similar in figure skating or soccer (Pele was fond of it). Imaging your upper body horizontal, looking over your shoulder. Now kick your back leg up and spin while jumping off the other leg. Now you should be completely horizontal, with your legs at spread out and spinning. A night of that makes for some sore feet and an aching back. Top it off with a couple hundred pushups, situps, squats, and leg lifts.  



Anyway, this will be another party weekend. Friday night is the holiday party for work. Saturday, we may stop by at a party hosted by someone at kung fu. It's kid friendly and early so we'll stop and socialize for a little then head out to another (tentative) party that a friend is trying to schedule.  



That is all for now. Maybe I'll update a little later with something more substantial.


<div id="comments"><h4>Comments:</h4><div class="lj-comments"><ul>
<li><h3>working_dreamer: </h3>
<a id="comment-585"></a>
<p>I think kung fu would kick my bum on a regular basis. However, I have considered enrolling in it. I can see the figure skating/Pele kick being a it painful. </p>
</li>
</ul></div></div>
