---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: long week
date: 2005-05-26 13:30:46
lj_slug: long-week
lj_id: 192730
---
It's been a long, busy week at work getting ready for my vacation. Today should be reasonably slow as I've got most of the important stuff done already. Got to do some grappling at kung fu last night which is always fun...and I didn't lose nearly every match this time (I won about half). After that, I headed over to giselc 's to get Jenn and catch the end of the American Idol party. We started home and got pulled over...I swerved a bit while changing lanes and didn't signal. Shouldn't have been to bad a stop but I went for my license and couldn't find my wallet. It was at home...tho at the time I thought I'd lost it somewhere since I never forget it at home. Anyway, after about 20 minutes in the back of the cruiser waiting for them to look up my NY info, I got away with a ticket for the turn signal and driving w/o a license. Hopefully the later will get dropped or knocked down when I show the judge that I did have a valid license and it just wasn't with me. (there's a separated, less troublesome charge for not having a license on hand...however, as I still don't have my OH license, they could only get limited info on my NY license and it was apparently not suffiecient to prove it was me). Oh well, I'm not gonna worry about it now, I'm on vacation starting tomorrow.  



While I've got your attention, Jenn and I will be in Rochester Friday-Thursday and we'd love to get together with all of you. Current plans: wedding on sat (that's why we'll be in Roch), Vertex sat night. There will be a trip to the toad for my b-day (just show up...don't bring gifts or anything! I just wanna see everyone :-p )...this will probably be tuesday or wed night (watch here for further details). There will be some other food related expeditions including Nicks, Jims, maybe some ethiopian, Jays (prob for coffee after Vertex). Leave a comment or call if you'd like to meet up. You can reach my cell at 937-416-7167


<div id="comments"><h4>Comments:</h4><div class="lj-comments"><ul>
<li><h3>sberg: </h3>
<a id="comment-424"></a>
<p>Ack on the traffic stop. There have been a few times I've had to go out without my license/wallet, and it's freaked me out that I'd get pulled over. It'll all work out though :)<br>
<br>
Awesome that you guys can stay longer and not have to cram everything into the weekend! I'm totally up for the Toad, Nick's, and Ethiopian food (never been there).</p>
<ul>
<li><h3>ravenstar: </h3>
<a id="comment-425"></a>
<p>I'm in for all three! ^_^</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul></div></div>
