---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: 2005-10-11 18&colon;02&colon;09
date: 2005-10-11 18:02:09
lj_slug: 210685
lj_id: 210685
---
Ok, I havn't had the energy to ask questions in anybody else's journal but maybe I can muster enough to answer some so here goes:



YOU CAN ASK ME SIX QUESTIONS:  
1.  
2.  
3.  
4.  
5.  
6.  
__________________________________________________  
No matter how random/revealing/rude/naughty/pointless.  
__________________________________________________  
I promise to answer them 100% truthfully  
__________________________________________________  
[[[Repost this to see what others ask you...]]]



ps: comments are screened for this post so ask away! :)


<div id="comments"><h4>Comments:</h4><div class="lj-comments"><ul>
<li class=subject><h3>working_dreamer: Hehehe</h3>
<a id="comment-531"></a>
<ol>
<li>Can you touch your toes without bending your knees?<br></li>
<li>What are three things you want to accomplish in the next five years?<br></li>
<li>What did you want to be when you grew up at the age of 5?<br></li>
<li>What's your guilty pleasure?<br></li>
<li>Are you phobic of anything?<br></li>
<li>If you had to choose one - deaf or blind?</li>
</ol>
<ul>
<li class=subject><h3>retrev: Re: Hehehe</h3>
<a id="comment-534"></a>
<ol>
<li>Not on command, but with a few minutes of warm up I can usually. I used to be able to all the time but my ham strings have gotten faily tight in my old age.<br>
<br></li>
<li>Pay off most of my debt and rebuild some credit. Finish off my masters. Go on a trip to the UK.<br>
<br></li>
<li>Same thing as every 5 year old boy. An astronaut! or a farmer.<br>
<br></li>
<li>Hmmm...not really sure. I like plenty of things that are not particularly good for me but nothing that really qualifies as a guilty pleasure. I suppose I could say <a href="http://www.geocities.com/garbageplates/">Garbage Plates</a> but I don't get a chance to eat those since I'm no longer in rochester.<br>
<br></li>
<li>Spiders.<br>
<br></li>
<li>Tough one...I'd have to say deaf. It would be tough to not listen to music, etc. any more but so much of my day to day life depends on sight that I think it is more important. If I were deaf I could continue my job without learning to use a braile terminal, I could keep driving a car, I could easily continue kung fu, etc. That, and I've been more exposed to deaf/hard of hearing people (I had a hoh roommate for quite a while and the university I went to has the largest deaf techinical school in the country) so I understand more about their situation.</li>
</ol>
<ul>
<li><h3>working_dreamer: </h3>
<a id="comment-535"></a>
<p>Ugh - I hate spiders too. I'm convinced it's because they are not merely creepy - they are aggressive. They don't care how much bigger you are; a spider will still raise up and bear its fangs at you. <em>shudder</em> Scary!</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><h3>passivefool: </h3>
<a id="comment-532"></a>
<p>what...<em>dramatic monty python pause</em>...is your favorite color?<br>
<br>
<em>laugh</em><br>
<br>
no... shit...i dunno.  i'm at work scarfing soup.  i don't exactly feel in the mood of cross examining right now.  :)  but i wanted ya to know i read yer posts.<br>
<br>
okay, here's a question...  does getting married re-light that giddy new shiney relationship thing for a bit?  cuz i would think that it does.</p>
<ul>
<li><h3>retrev: </h3>
<a id="comment-533"></a>
<p>Yes, but when the wife starts a new job (7am start time) 2 days after the wedding, that can re-stifle. :)</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul></div></div>
