---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: update
date: 2005-03-29 14:50:22
lj_slug: update-184100
lj_id: 184100
---
"What has trevor been doing lately?" you might ask yourself. If you don't, then feel free to [go to hell](http://www.disney.com). Let's see...the weekend was nice and involved yummy tuna, some easter candy, and me learning the remainder of the second section of my tai chi form.  



Work was pretty routine on monday. Afterwards, I went to kung fu and we learned some new attack combinations and worked on them with a partner. There was an odd number of people so I worked with sifu...my forearms are now a bit bruised. He did menton that he could feel my forearm conditioning. We don't do much conditioning at this school (mostly stance work) and this is one thing I've carried over from Duteau and it was neat that sifu noticed.  



In other news, I've changed my jabber server over to ejabberd. It has fewer bugs than the old server and some new features (like a publish/subscribe system). I'm now running an AIM gateway that uses AIM server side buddy lists so you can connect to your aim account automagically. (if anyone wants a yahoo or MSN gateway, let me know) It's open to all, so feel free to set up an account. You can download a client [here](http://www.jabber.org/software/clients.shtml). If you set up an account, send me a message (retrev@jabber.notcows.com) so I can keep track of who is using the server. There's also a bot installed (neutron@jabber.notcows.com) that can do chat-room related bot things, retrieve weather and stocks, do google searches, etc. Have fun.
