---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: My weekend
date: 2006-11-20 21:02:58
lj_slug: My-weekend-242892
lj_id: 242892
---
Friday night, Jenn and I went to see Casino Royale. I won't bore you with my second by second analysis or subject to to spoilers. I'll just say, if you like action/spy movies, go see this. If you like Bond movies in general, it has renewed my faith in the franchise. If you want to see a Bond movie similar to the middle of the franchise ones with the kitschy humor and silliness, don't go see this.  



Sunday, there was a catering which was hectic and didn't go as well as I would like...s'ok, they can't all go perfectly.  



On to Saturday. I went to kung fu and Sifu John was there (he's not usually there so it was a treat). We worked a lot on a spear/broad sword two person form which is a really neat form. Later that afternoon, I was cleaning some leaves off the garage roof....I mean, I was fighting a horde of ninjas...The roof is flat and doubles as a porch but right now it just has a rubber roof...the gravel isn't down yet. I slipped on some wet slimey water. I was being a little careless and didn't catch myself so I fell on my face. I now have a very broken tooth. A trip to the ER yielded a temporary patch on the tooth and some Vicodin.  



Today I went to the dentist. I need to get a crown which requires pre-approval from my insurance company. I'll be returning next monday (because of the holiday weekend) to get a temporary crown installed. Some time later, I'll return again to get a permanent (color matched) crown installed.  



Anyway.....how was your weekend?


<div id="comments"><h4>Comments:</h4><div class="lj-comments"><ul>
<li><h3>g6w6j6r: </h3>
<a id="comment-718"></a>
<p>damn sneaky dishonorable ninjas. next time you better arm yourself with a red pepper powder filled egg.</p>
</li>
</ul></div></div>
