---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: 2006-09-09 17&colon;30&colon;06
date: 2006-09-09 17:30:06
lj_slug: 239932
lj_id: 239932
---
It's been real busy at work still. One of the developers in the group got another job so we are even more short handed. We are hiring two positions, one full time and one coop or part-time student position. Let me know if anyone is interested in a C++ programming job.  



Went to the Ren Fair on sunday which was fun. Saw a could of weapon shops with well made steel. Too expensive for now. Also, I want [this](http://www.martialartsmart.net/45s51b.html) if anyone wants to get me a gift. I think I'm also going to get a whip chain and learn some whip chain (9 segment) forms.  



I came up with a solution for my in-wall home automation controller. I can't believe I didn't think of it before as I've been coveting one for a long time. I'll get a 3com Audrey! $50 ish for a touch screen with keyboard and network capable. Super hackable too.  



I'm heading back to work for a bit again. Jenn's off to get a book for school. There's a catering later tonight too. busy busy....  



Oh, and I hope Amber, Kari, and Beans feel better soon...they apparently have con-plague.


<div id="comments"><h4>Comments:</h4><div class="lj-comments"><ul>
<li><h3>working_dreamer: </h3>
<a id="comment-701"></a>
<p>I seriously wish that I was a programmer sometimes...</p>
<ul>
<li><h3>retrev: </h3>
<a id="comment-702"></a>
<p>Wanna learn something? You too can be a coding machine.</p>
<ul>
<li><h3>working_dreamer: </h3>
<a id="comment-703"></a>
<p>Oh can I? How does one go about becoming a coding machine?</p>
<ul>
<li><h3>retrev: </h3>
<a id="comment-704"></a>
<p>I could give you a crash course but it helps to know what sort of thing you'd like to do....come up with some application you'd like to work on or a problem to solve as to better focus the lessons. Nothing too complicated to start, like a database application to manage you book collection, a simple game, etc.  After coming up with something, I can give you a few lessons on how to accomplish it. After that, in order to be certified as a coding machine, you need to send me $199.95 and an application...certifications arrive if 6-8 weeks. :)</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul></div></div>
