---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: 2006-07-05 14&colon;34&colon;40
date: 2006-07-05 14:34:40
lj_slug: 235293
lj_id: 235293
---
Ok, as usual these days, it's been a really long time since an update. Jenn's mom is in town for the week. She arrived Sunday evening. We headed over to DLM for some wheat grass juice and groceries. Cooked some dinner at home and relaxed.  



Monday was Jenn's mom's 50th bday. We has crepes for breakfast then off to riverscape for Cityfolk. It was really humid and hot so we didn't stay too long. Went to see Ice Age 2 which was pretty good. Back to riverscape for the fireworks. We had a pretty good view on the lawn down by the water. The fireworks were good this year.  



Tuesday morning we made scones and went to the Fairborn parade. It was a little rainy so we sat in the car and watched. We hung out for a while at home then went to Cincinatti. (Newport actually). We decided the aquarium was too expensive so we were going to see another movie. Stopped in Cafe Istanbul for a snack and lost track of time and were late for the movie. We poked around the levee for a while longer then drove around Mt. Adams and Hyde park looking at houses. We ended up at Ault Park for the concert and fireworks there. Had a great view from the top of the pavilion. Got home late and went to sleep.  



Dropped the car at the shop again to have them fix a squeak that's been there since we had the body work done. Jenn is at work and so am I. Her mom is home relaxing for the morning until Jenn gets out of work about 3:30. Not sure what's up for later but I'll be going to kung fu later.  



In house news, the credit problem we were having has been cleared up. In case you hadn't heard, my credit rating dropped nearly 100 points since we pre-qualified because of a mistake on my report. There was a timing problem getting my student loans transfered and the associated forbearance during the process. This caused a late pay to show up on my report. Trina (our realtor) requested a rapid rescore and the mistake was removed. Now she has to try and get the bank (current owners of the house) to waive the fee for running past the close date.
