---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: Firefly
date: 2006-01-26 15:02:06
lj_slug: Firefly
lj_id: 222878
---
Go and fill [this](http://www.fireflyseason2.com/BrowncoatProfile.asp) out now!


<div id="comments"><h4>Comments:</h4><div class="lj-comments"><ul>
<li><h3>klutzywaitress: </h3>
<a id="comment-604"></a>
<p>SWEET!!! </p>
</li>
<li><h3>gillybean: </h3>
<a id="comment-605"></a>
<p>Done and done!</p>
</li>
<li><h3>elementalamber: </h3>
<a id="comment-606"></a>
<p>See, I think it's either leading up to some kind of scam or the guy isn't so bright.<br>
<br>
No harm in filling it out, but the guy has said in other areas that he's not talking to Joss about it because "Joss is so busy, the poor guy."  He says he'll talk to Joss about it later.<br>
<br>
I find the idea of attempting to resurrect Firefly without the consent of the creator is a bit... uncool.<br>
<br>
On the other hand, it would be interesting to see what happens with this!</p>
<ul>
<li><h3>retrev: </h3>
<a id="comment-607"></a>
<p>Yea...I figure he just hasn't thought out the logistics yet...he only got my spam email addy and my name....no real harm in that.<br>
<br>
Any...you are alive! Popped over you place after kung fu last night be you two weren't home yet....haven't heard from you in a while and wanted to make sure your head didn't esplode or nothin. :)</p>
<ul>
<li><h3>elementalamber: </h3>
<a id="comment-609"></a>
<p>Yep, still alive.  Been at my parents' house with Courtney trying to send her into labor all day for a few days, along with having some nasty migraines.<br>
<br>
BTW, did you see that the guy who started this whole thing has joined our yahoo group now?</p>
<ul>
<li><h3>retrev: </h3>
<a id="comment-610"></a>
<p>She still hasn't popped yet?! Wow. Sorry about the migraines.... :( I was gonna say, let us know when Courtney goes into labor, but I'm sure you'll post something.<br>
<br>
I did notice he joined but I've been skimming messages the last couple of days since I've been pretty busy....work has been a bit crazier than usual and I've been preparing for my kung fu test tomorrow.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><h3>bits: </h3>
<a id="comment-608"></a>
<p>Done!</p>
</li>
</ul></div></div>
