---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: 2006-04-11 13&colon;52&colon;12
date: 2006-04-11 13:52:12
lj_slug: 228769
lj_id: 228769
---
I havn't updated much in a while...just havn't been in the mood. Anyway, I'm moving along at kung fu, planning on testing again in may and I'm going to compete at the TAMA open (part of the MVTA series) the end of april. I'll get the exact date later but you should all plan on coming to watch me. :)  



Finally got my next security clearance at work. Only one more to go. I'm kind of not looking forward to it because I'll end up on base more often fixing issues. It is super good for my resume though.  



I'm BBQing some chicken and shrimp tonight. Anyone want to come over?


<div id="comments"><h4>Comments:</h4><div class="lj-comments"><ul>
<li><h3>g6w6j6r: </h3>
<a id="comment-634"></a>
<p>on base? that sounds creepy. where exactly do you work?</p>
<ul>
<li><h3>retrev: </h3>
<a id="comment-635"></a>
<p>I work for Ball Aerospace. We contract for one of the groups at Wright Patterson AFB. We work off site but when I customer has problem with the software sometimes we have to go to their facility since they can't easily get their data files to us.</p>
<ul>
<li><h3>g6w6j6r: </h3>
<a id="comment-640"></a>
<p>oh...i thought it was some kind of clandestine military facility...maybe something like the umbrella corporation, but funded by the government...</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><h3>working_dreamer: </h3>
<a id="comment-636"></a>
<p>OMG mad jealous of the BBQ. Damn work!</p>
<ul>
<li><h3>retrev: </h3>
<a id="comment-637"></a>
<p>When you working!? We probably won't be eating until 7:30 or later!</p>
<ul>
<li><h3>working_dreamer: </h3>
<a id="comment-638"></a>
<p>I go in after class tonight - so from 6 to whenever. :(</p>
<ul>
<li><h3>retrev: </h3>
<a id="comment-639"></a>
<p>Well, when are you available then? Amber also is busy (we were hoping she'd come) thus it's just Jenn and I. Too much food for us, but there will be leftovers.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul></div></div>
