---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: er4yt
date: 2006-01-18 18:41:51
lj_slug: er4yt
lj_id: 221245
---
I've been skeptical of the blood type diet so I've started looking into it more. Things get a little more iffy the more I look. First, the inventor of the diet is a doctor, but not an MD. He's an ND. He practices in connecticut so he is fully licensed. Someone needs four years of graduate school including extensive naturalistic medicine training and at least some scientic and medical training but the licensing just ensures that the practisioner is using safe methods, not that the field has any kind of scientific foundation. In other words, an ND can't prescribe massive doses of opium just because some obscure asian naturalistic medicinal practice does so, but there's not reason an ND can't use biorhythms as a diagnosis tool even tho there is extensive evidence then they are hooey.  



Anyway, on to the diet itself. I went to the er4yt web site looking for some research results, etc. He's got lots of databases of his research but it doesn't seem that any of it has been published in peer reviewed journals and there's little information about reproducing the experiments. The expermients that are reproducable seem to be preliminary sorts of things...the biggest example: the experiments that test the responce of blood types to lectins. These were all done in vitro so there are lots of variables that exist in people that are not accounted for; similar to how tests on lab rats can indicate patterns that may occur in humans but are only useful as a filter for clinical trials, etc. I'm including some web links mostly for my own reference. These make some claims against and some seem to have clinical trial's, etc. associated with them....I'm contacting to authors to get references to actual publications.  



http://www.acu-cell.com/btd.html  
http://www.complementarynutrition.org/articlescpes/getabstract.cfm?ID=1  
http://www.all-creatures.org/health/zonebloodtype.html  



Finally, I know some of you are proponents of this diet...I'm not trying to unjustly slam it...I just want some reproducable, peer-reviewed research to back up the claims...otherwise, it's just pseudo-science.


<div id="comments"><h4>Comments:</h4><div class="lj-comments"><ul>
<li><h3>monsterbrain: </h3>
<a id="comment-593"></a>
<p>How come they don't come up with a diet that says O+ people should eat lots of fried food and sugar? I'd so get on that!</p>
</li>
<li><h3>aurora100: </h3>
<a id="comment-594"></a>
<p>My mother and I tried this diet years ago.  We both got realy sick.  I'm not sure if we did something wrong, but it was NOT a balanced diet.  And I felt aweful within a few days.  We were both on the high-protine plan.  We tried it for 3 months.<br>
<br>
My MD. flipped out and told me to get off the diet, and she was a big supporter of "natural" healing, etc.  She said there was no real research to back it up.  I don't know if there is any now.<br>
<br>
I did loose a lot of fat in a very short time, but I was basically starving.  And it messed my blood sugar up.  There were other factors at the same time, so I'm not sure if it was the diet, but it definately played a part in me feeling cruddy.<br>
<br>
I hesitate to dis-recommend a diet, but this struck me as being just as crazy as the "hotdogs &amp; mac-n-cheese diet."<br></p>
</li>
<li><h3>elementalamber: </h3>
<a id="comment-595"></a>
<p>I tend to be skeptical of this diet as well, but I do want to throw in a statement about some health related issues still being valid, even if they don't have a lot of scientific research to back them up.  A lot of holistic cures and such work well, but haven't been fully researched.  So it's not necessarily a problem if they haven't done any studies on it yet.<br>
<br>
That said, I'm always more inclined to trust something that has good, solid science to back it up.  </p>
</li>
<li><h3>working_dreamer: </h3>
<a id="comment-596"></a>
<p>Whatever happened to getting all your nutrients and exercising?</p>
</li>
<li><h3>fishslayer: </h3>
<a id="comment-597"></a>
<p>Yea i am goign to get on the "put the controller down/step away from teh keyboard fatty" diet.</p>
</li>
</ul></div></div>
