---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: 2006-09-24 02&colon;58&colon;59
date: 2006-09-24 02:58:59
lj_slug: 240991
lj_id: 240991
---
Ok, this month's emusic was downloaded in spurts but I decided to wait and do one post. Without further ado.  



This is a great remix album by Porl, who incidently in recording original music again under the name Misery Lab. Check out his myspace for some great tracks. I only grabbed a version of Shout because I only had one download left. I'll grab some more as downloads permit.  



This is an album of InSoc remixes that I've wanted for a while. I havn't listened to the whole thing yet but the usual Cleopatra remix crew is present: Rosetta Stone, Spahn Ranch, Leather Strip, Girl Eats Boy, RIP, Astralasia, and EHFC.  



Interesting remix album. I'm listening to it now and I havn't really made up my mind completely. It's really dark. really really dark. Features mixes and covers by Apop, Haujobb, RIB, Electric Hellfire Club, and Aleister Einstein. Really neat for a dark and dank night like tonight.  



Had this and it was stolen so I downloaded it. Fantastic stuff. Saw them in concert a few years back in a close club setting. Nice guys. Pretty typical EBM if you're not familiar with them.  



The single that defined goth. I've never gotten around to buying this but I'm in a goth kick right now. I used to own a mix cd with Boys on it and it's probably my favorite Bauhaus song but that was stolen too (all my CDs were) so I can cross this one off my list now.  



Downloaded this earlier in the month when I was really into turntablism. Absolutely fantastic album. Everyone should listen to this.   



Already have some of this so I grabbed another track. This album is very anti-Bush and anti-Iraq war. Typical Rob Swift stuff with a political edge.  



This is the first single of Delerium's new album. It's another set of songs from them featuring female vocalists. This one features Isabel Bayrakdarian. Quite haunting and pretty.
