---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: update time
date: 2006-01-09 12:57:24
lj_slug: update-time-219814
lj_id: 219814
---
This weekend was quite a busy one. First, Jenn got a new job so, congratulations! Friday, I hung out at Panera and WiFi'd while Jenn was at work. I was quite productive getting some stuff done on [MINI](http://minissd.sourceforge.net/m2mi_py/). (btw, I'm looking for help on the project if you are interested...coders, web designers, etc. all are welcomed to help)  



Saturday, I went to kung fu (skipped tai chi because of schedule tightness). It kicked my ass. I just couldn't get warmed up a moving for some reason. It was sifu Taningco's 50th birthday so we stopped at his party briefly, then off to the shindig. The dig was a lot of fun but quite different then the usual. We watched Serenity (yes, again) in a nice 16 person theatre at gojiro's apartment complex. Since we were in the theatre, there was less overt socializing as everyone was focused on the movie most of the time. There was great swag and I got a Wash shirt. This time, I was the one [getting nekkid](http://homepage.mac.com/gojiro42/.Pictures/Photo%20Album%20Pictures/2006-01-08%2009.35.00%20-0800/Image-051CBF5A806D11DA.jpg). Jenn, Amber and I headed out somewhat early and got in a little before midnight.  



Sunday morning, we were awakened at 6 by the phone. Jenn had checked an out of date schedule and didn't realize she was supposted to work. She went in for a few hours and I got a little more sleep then cleaned up a little around the house. Later, I watched Stargate SG-1 and Atlantis. Both were quite good. I'll probably watch Battlestar today. (I was waiting for Jenn) Sunday evening we went to Target and got a new matress pad, then off to Meijer for some stuff to make sausages. I made chicken sausage with dried cranberries and cashews. They look yummy but I didn't have any yet as I was too full from the big lunch I ate. Maybe I'll have one tonight. We finished off the night with the sunday tv lineup and some reading.


<div id="comments"><h4>Comments:</h4><div class="lj-comments"><ul>
<li><h3>monsterbrain: </h3>
<a id="comment-587"></a>
<p>6am for an Indian restaurant? Do they serve breakfast?</p>
<ul>
<li><h3>retrev: </h3>
<a id="comment-588"></a>
<p>No, she only worked friday at the restaurant. The 6am was Macys. She's just put her official notice in today as she just got the new job friday.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><h3>klutzywaitress: </h3>
<a id="comment-589"></a>
<p>thank you for the congrats... naughty boy! that picture is not worksafe, and now I won't be able to concentrate in class for the next 2.5 hours. thanks for that.<br>
<br>
<br>
<br></p>
</li>
<li><h3>tekmagika: </h3>
<a id="comment-590"></a>
<p>Web designer? <em>perk</em></p>
<ul>
<li><h3>retrev: </h3>
<a id="comment-591"></a>
<p>Yup...nothing super complicated but the current web site for the project is rather spartan. http://minissd.sourceforge.net   Looking to update it and make it a little more visually attractive.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul></div></div>
