---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: 2007-11-11 00&colon;18&colon;07
date: 2007-11-11 00:18:07
lj_slug: 264380
lj_id: 264380
---
The memorial was today. It was nice and there was a good turnout. Still hasn't really hit me...everything happened so fast. I'm not sure I could have dealt with something more drawn out...makes me think of Meg...I'm not sure how you deal with so many years watching a parent degenerate...you're a lot stronger than you think. Anyway...there's a fire burning downstairs (not an innuendo...it's cold and there's a fire in the fireplace downstairs) and it's quiet. Lots of Jenn's family drove down for the service which is loads more than they needed to do...they came and saw the house and chatted for a little bit. Jenn went back to the church tonight with my grandparents...there's a fall potluck tonight...I'm just enjoying the quiet. We are going back tomorrow night...need to find a ride from Columbus to Dayton. Monday is a floating holiday at work but I think I'm going in anyway...it will give me an uninterrupted day to get caught up. I've been reading some lj from the past week but I'll be dealing with work email for a good portion of monday. I don't think we can come back to RI for the holidays after a week off but my mom and brother might come to dayton for thanksgiving or christmas instead. I wish my dad was around long enough to see the house.


<div id="comments"><h4>Comments:</h4><div class="lj-comments"><ul>
<li><h3>pisceskitty: </h3>
<a id="comment-832"></a>
<p><em>hugs</em>  </p>
</li>
<li class=subject><h3>guaymar: sorry for your loss.</h3>
<a id="comment-833"></a>
<p>Missed your previous post as I haven't logged in to LJ in a while...<br>
<br>
Even though he didn't get to see the house, he was able to see you, which I consider more important.<br>
It's curious that there always seems to be some missed opportunity, like that.  The future event, that<br>
would have been nice to share.  May you at least remember your shared past fondly.</p>
</li>
</ul></div></div>
