---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: 2007-01-15 16&colon;51&colon;57
date: 2007-01-15 16:51:57
lj_slug: 245785
lj_id: 245785
---
I know I tend to stay away from these questionnaires, but I have the day off and I need something to do...so, here it is. Answer these questions so I can know a little more about you...if I know you, fill it out so other people who read this can know a bit more about you. Post to your lj if you want and maybe I'll fill it out too. I'll make this friends only so you don't have to worry about putting identifying or personal information on a public post.  



1\. Can you cook?  
2\. What would you do if you were stuck in an elevator?  
3\. What talent do you wish you had?  
4\. Favorite place?  
5\. Favorite vegetable?  
6\. What was the last book you read?  
7\. Are you Dirty or Clean?  
8\. Any Tattoos and/or Piercings?  
9\. Worst Habit?  



HERE COMES THE FUN ...  
1\. How did we meet?  
2\. What's your philosophy on life?  
3\. Negative or Optimistic?  
4\. What was your dream growing up?  
5\. Worst thing to ever happen to you?  
6\. What was your first impression of me?  
7\. Tell me one weird fact about you:  
8\. Whats your favorite memory of us?  
10\. Have you ever kept anything from me?  
11\. What do you think of me as a Person?  
12\. Do you think I'm sane or insane?  
13\. Would you cry for me if I died?  
14\. Would you be my crime partner or my conscience?  
15\. If you could change anything about me, would you?  
16\. How do you fall asleep?  
17\. Ever gotten angry with me?  
18\. Would you go on a blind date if I set you up?  
19\. If you had one day to live, what would you do?  
20\. A million bucks.. what would you do with it?  
21\. What is your worst fear?  
22\. Favorite thing to do in your spare time?  
23\. Can you sing or dance?  
24\. In one word, how would you describe me? Be honest....  
25\. Will you repost this so I can fill it out ?


<div id="comments"><h4>Comments:</h4><div class="lj-comments"><ul>
<li><h3>tentacularone: </h3>
<a id="comment-735"></a>
<ol>
<li>Can you cook? Quite well. I'm recently very fond of making Indian food.<br></li>
<li>What would you do if you were stuck in an elevator? Call for help, then sit down and knit or read until they let me out.<br></li>
<li>What talent do you wish you had? Flying. Painting. Making myself do things that I know I ought to, but don't feel like. Playing an instrument.<br></li>
<li>Favorite place? Lots of them. Right now, home sweet home.<br></li>
<li>Favorite vegetable? Water chestnuts<br></li>
<li>What was the last book you read? Domiknitrix, a knitting instruction book. Last fiction was Time Enough For Love by Heinlein.<br></li>
<li>Are you Dirty or Clean? Dirty mind, otherwise clean but disorderly.<br></li>
<li>Any Tattoos and/or Piercings? Yes. One small tat on the back of my head, one on my upper back, two ear piercings, used to have tongue and nips pierced, thinking about piercing lip.<br></li>
<li>Worst Habit? Lazing about when I should be doing something productive.<br>
<br>
HERE COMES THE FUN ...<br></li>
<li>How did we meet? We've not, really.<br></li>
<li>What's your philosophy on life? Changes a lot. Currently something like don't sweat the small stuff. And while you're at it, don't sweat the big stuff either. Do the best you can and keep going.<br></li>
<li>Negative or Optimistic? Optimistic.<br></li>
<li>What was your dream growing up? I wanted to be a zoo veterinarian and own a huge menagerie of animals.<br></li>
<li>Worst thing to ever happen to you? Maybe losing my mom, but I don't really know. The things that seemed the most horrible at the time turned out to be unimportant, like the end of an immature relationship. Big stresses I tend to take more in stride.<br></li>
<li>What was your first impression of me? You're very intelligent and seem to have some expertise in areas that I'm trying to learn more about.<br></li>
<li>Tell me one weird fact about you: I find it hard to guess what things another person might find 'weird.' I find the desire to reproduce weird, though it's quite common. Two years ago, I shaved off two feet of hair and went completely bald. Just about everyone thought that was strange.<br></li>
<li>Whats your favorite memory of us? Don't have any as of yet.<br></li>
<li>Have you ever kept anything from me? Not deliberately. There are certainly many things we don't know about each other, since it's not come up.<br></li>
<li>What do you think of me as a Person? You come across as well rounded, well educated, stable and fun. <br></li>
<li>Do you think I'm sane or insane? Sane; everyone has quirks and neuroses, so I only consider deeply disfunctional people insane. You know, Mormons. ;-)<br></li>
<li>Would you cry for me if I died? Probably not, because I usually don't cry about things that are really sad. I break out the waterworks over dumb things. I would be sad.<br></li>
<li>Would you be my crime partner or my conscience? Depends on the crime in question. I tend to be an ennabler for many vices, but nothing that's harmful to others.<br></li>
<li>If you could change anything about me, would you? Nah.<br></li>
<li>How do you fall asleep? Quickly, wherever I am.<br></li>
<li>Ever gotten angry with me? No.<br></li>
<li>Would you go on a blind date if I set you up? I would if I were single, but I'm not.<br></li>
<li>If you had one day to live, what would you do? Not sure. I wouldn't go to work, but I don't really have any "making up" to do. I'd say my goodbyes, divvy up my stuff, relax, etc.<br></li>
<li>A million bucks.. what would you do with it? Buy a house, pay off my school loans, invest about half of the rest (mutual and index funds, most likely), then travel and spoil my friends.<br></li>
<li>What is your worst fear? It changes, and I tend not to think about fears much. Probably either hurting someone unintentionally or perhaps never being able to shed the weight that endangers my health.<br></li>
<li>Favorite thing to do in your spare time? Bum around, knit, sing karaoke, play video games.<br></li>
<li>Can you sing or dance? I can sing very well, my dancing is just ok.<br></li>
<li>In one word, how would you describe me? Be honest.... Several words work better than one, and we already did that...<br></li>
<li>Will you repost this so I can fill it out ? Too late.<br></li>
</ol>
</li>
<li><h3>aurora100: </h3>
<a id="comment-742"></a>
<ol>
<li>Can you cook?  Like a fiend <br></li>
<li>What would you do if you were stuck in an elevator?  Wait / read a book.<br></li>
<li>What talent do you wish you had? singing<br></li>
<li>Favorite place? outside<br></li>
<li>Favorite vegetable? that's tough.  I like lots of veggies.  Sweet potato<br></li>
<li>What was the last book you read? Carpe Demon by ??<br></li>
<li>Are you Dirty or Clean? I alternate.<br></li>
<li>Any Tattoos and/or Piercings? not anymore.  Not even ears.<br></li>
<li>Worst Habit? Rather not say.<br>
<br>
HERE COMES THE FUN ...<br></li>
<li>How did we meet? D&amp;D at Brian's<br></li>
<li>What's your philosophy on life? LLL: Live, learn &amp; love.<br></li>
<li>Negative or Optimistic?  a little of both.<br></li>
<li>What was your dream growing up?  I had a lot of dreams and nightmares.<br></li>
<li>Worst thing to ever happen to you? So not saying here.  We aren't that close.<br></li>
<li>What was your first impression of me? Energy.<br></li>
<li>Tell me one weird fact about you: I think before I speak.<br></li>
<li>Whats your favorite memory of us? Doing makeup for Vertex or you spilling Mt. Dew on my minis.<br></li>
<li>Have you ever kept anything from me? Sure!  I keep things from everyone, if I didn't I wouldn't have any friends.<br></li>
<li>What do you think of me as a Person?  You're pretty nifty.<br></li>
<li>Do you think I'm sane or insane?  Totally sane, but spontaneous.<br></li>
<li>Would you cry for me if I died?  Probably.  I'd come to your funeral. <br></li>
<li>Would you be my crime partner or my conscience?  conscience. <br></li>
<li>If you could change anything about me, would you?  Nope.<br></li>
<li>How do you fall asleep?  On my side.<br></li>
<li>Ever gotten angry with me?  When you spilled Mt. Dew on my minis.  Then I thought it was funny.<br></li>
<li>Would you go on a blind date if I set you up?  Nope.  Happy with John.<br></li>
<li>If you had one day to live, what would you do?  I'd spend it with John in a beautiful place (outside).<br></li>
<li>A million bucks.. what would you do with it?  Pay off student loans.  Buy a house.  Invest.<br></li>
<li>What is your worst fear?  Zombies.  No, really.  Zombies.  Aren't I lucky they aren't real.<br></li>
<li>Favorite thing to do in your spare time?  Art/computer/books.<br></li>
<li>Can you sing or dance?  Can't sing worth a s%*t, but man can I dance!<br></li>
<li>In one word, how would you describe me? Be honest....  energetic.<br></li>
<li>Will you repost this so I can fill it out ?  sure.  I'll even lock it.<br></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ul></div></div>
