---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: 2007-05-10 12&colon;57&colon;04
date: 2007-05-10 12:57:04
lj_slug: 252438
lj_id: 252438
---
I got a call at 5:30 this morning. It was my dad telling me his mom died last night. It wasn't unexpected. She's been in a nursing home for years (after multiple strokes) and a few months ago she had pneumonia which she never fully recovered from. Last night he told me she hadn't been eating or drinking anything again. She passed in her sleep and I guess there's not much more you can hope for at the end of someone's life. I wish I could have seen her again since it's been many years, but it's just been too difficult to get over there. I could have set it at a higher priority to make sure I visited her but I guess you take certain things for granted when people seem ok day to day. She would have been 90 this summer so she lived a long life. My dad did get to see her a few weeks ago. He spend nearly a week out there. He visited other friends and family as well since she was too tired to handle visitors for more than an hour or so at a time. He managed to get her to go outside with him for a walk in her outdoor wheel chair and I think it really raised her spirits to have him there. When she would go out more often (until about 9 months or a year ago) she'd still go to the pub on occasion. Her drink was Mackeson's stout so I think I'll stop at the store after work and pick a couple up.


<div id="comments"><h4>Comments:</h4><div class="lj-comments"><ul>
<li><h3>giselc: </h3>
<a id="comment-766"></a>
<p>My condolences to you and your family. <em>hugs</em><br></p>
</li>
<li><h3>pickled_cotton: </h3>
<a id="comment-767"></a>
<p>I'm sorry for your loss.  <em>hug</em></p>
</li>
<li class=subject><h3>guaymar: my condolences.</h3>
<a id="comment-772"></a>
<p>Sorry to hear of your loss.</p>
</li>
</ul></div></div>
