---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: 2007-07-09 18&colon;07&colon;03
date: 2007-07-09 18:07:03
lj_slug: 256449
lj_id: 256449
---
Ok, some rapid fire updates. We painted more of the living room this weekend. It is very close to done (still have some trim, etc.) and looks good. Jenn says I'm allowed to have a party soon so keep your calendars open...kebab party!!  



I went sparring on friday. I did a little grappling at the end. My take downs are much improved and I had a few compliments from one of the BJJ guys. As usual, I injured myself. He had me in an arm bar and I knew I was locked but I held on a little longer to try and break out. He tightened the bar and there was a loud pop. Hurt like hell and I got woozy for a minute but I could still flex so it wasn't dislocated or broken. I iced it, had some advil and half a bottle of wine and I was feeling better. The next day I was super stiff and it still hurt a bit but was in general better. Dr. Mike looked at it and confirmed my suspicion that it was just a tendon strain and would be ok in a few days. It's still a little tender today but in general is much better.  



The software I work on is now officially open source. It's still ITAR restricted (supposedly that will be lifted by the end of this month) so you need to fax in a form stating you are a US person for now. Anyway, check it out, https://opticks.ballforge.net. Go play, contribute, show my company that this open source thing is a worthwhile endeavor so they will do it again in the future.
