---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: 2007-11-01 11&colon;25&colon;21
date: 2007-11-01 11:25:21
lj_slug: 263676
lj_id: 263676
---
I got a call this morning and my dad is in the hospital. He's got liver cancer. We've know he's had a problem for a couple of weeks. He went in monday for a biopsy and has not been doing well since. He hasn't been eating or drinking much and now his kidneys are starting to fail. They've got him on an IV to try and get his kidneys working properly again while an oncologist looks at the biopsy result. Not sure how things are going to go but he doesn't want to go on dialasis. Keep him in your thoughts and I'll post an update when I have more information.


<div id="comments"><h4>Comments:</h4><div class="lj-comments"><ul>
<li><h3>pickled_cotton: </h3>
<a id="comment-810"></a>
<p>Hey Trevor, I am thinking of you and Jenn and the rest of your family.  I hope the docs can figure out the best course of action to keep your dad healthy for as long as possible.  They told us my grandpa was in kidney failure and had weeks... that was about 5 years ago now.  So I have faith.  Hang in there!</p>
<ul>
<li><h3>riffraff: </h3>
<a id="comment-811"></a>
<p>I will be thinking good thoughts for him.<br>
<br>
I agree also, Western medicine isn't the final arbiter of things.  If he keeps his outlook positive and explores his options then he doesn't have to accept the timeline he might be presented with by an MD.  How are his spirits?  How are your mother and Graham?</p>
<ul>
<li><h3>klutzywaitress: </h3>
<a id="comment-812"></a>
<p>Trevor will be able to give a more accurate picture in a few hours... I can't say for sure on Bob's spirits because from what I've heard he's been sleeping a lot this week. Susan is being pretty quiet and I haven't heard how Graham's doing yet. All I've heard so far is that he was rescheduling a class presentation and then coming home.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class=subject><h3>ravenstar: *hug*</h3>
<a id="comment-813"></a>
<p>Thoughts, good vibes, and love being sent to you all. Let me know if you need anything.</p>
</li>
<li><h3>tekmagika: </h3>
<a id="comment-814"></a>
<p>Read about all of this in Jenn's journal. All my thought and prayers to you and your family.</p>
</li>
</ul></div></div>
