---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: 2007-11-06 02&colon;40&colon;51
date: 2007-11-06 02:40:51
lj_slug: 263955
lj_id: 263955
---
It happened earlier tonight...5:15. Very quick and very comfortably. My mom, Jenn, my aunt and I were there. My aunt is a nurse and was extremely helpful during the entire process. She eased him and us through the end. I'm sad for myself, my mom, Jenn, and everyone else who was close...but I'm not sad for him. It was a good way to go...very little notice but enough....very little discomfort. The final cause was likely the kidney failure which is good...if he had survived a bit longer (weeks...maybe a few months) then the pancreatic cancer would have been the cause and I hear that can be extremely painful. I'm going to bed soon...I may post some more thoughts tomorrow after I've had time to collect them. There will be a small memorial this Saturday. We are planning a trip to England to scatter some ashes and that will probably be in the spring sometime. If anyone would like to send a card (not necessary...just heading off the requests) they can be sent to my mother. Susan Clarke, 57 Wilbur Rd. Lincoln, RI 02865.


<div id="comments"><h4>Comments:</h4><div class="lj-comments"><ul>
<li><h3>october31st: </h3>
<a id="comment-824"></a>
<p>I feel lucky I got a chance to meet him at your wedding, and glad it went as easily as possible...your dad was a very good man. <em>hugs</em></p>
</li>
<li><h3>sberg: </h3>
<a id="comment-825"></a>
<p>I'm sorry :( <em>hugs</em></p>
</li>
<li><h3>pickled_cotton: </h3>
<a id="comment-826"></a>
<p>I'm so sorry.  I said to Jeff tonight that I was thinking of you and you hadn't posted, so I wondered if your dad had passed away.  I'm glad it was peaceful and that you were all there.<br>
<br>
<I>Perhaps they are not the stars, but rather openings in heaven where the love of our lost ones pours through and shines down upon us to let us know they are happy.</i> (Inspired by an Eskimo legend)<br>
<br>
Our best to you and your family.<br>
<br>
<em>hug</em></p>
</li>
<li><h3>ravenstar: </h3>
<a id="comment-827"></a>
<p><em>hug</em> </p>
</li>
<li><h3>phyber: </h3>
<a id="comment-828"></a>
<p>I'm sorry. <em>hug</em></p>
</li>
<li><h3>working_dreamer: </h3>
<a id="comment-829"></a>
<p><em>hugs</em><br>
<br>
I am sorry for your loss; however, I agree that it was better for his departure now before it became incredibly painful. </p>
</li>
<li><h3>toast14: </h3>
<a id="comment-830"></a>
<p>:(  Sad to hear.</p>
</li>
<li><h3>aurora100: </h3>
<a id="comment-831"></a>
<p>I'm sorry for your loss.  I'm glad he went fast.<br>
((hugs))</p>
</li>
<li><h3>misslunakitty: </h3>
<a id="comment-834"></a>
<p>Sincerest condolences to the entire family.</p>
</li>
</ul></div></div>
