---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: Weekend
date: 2007-10-01 20:25:18
lj_slug: Weekend
lj_id: 260733
---
This was a busy weekend.  



Friday I went to sparring class and got a little beat up and bruised (no worse than usual). Saturday, we drove the Maharaja chefs to work and ran a few errands. We painted the kitchen ceiling, the door to the basement, and the trim on one of the french doors (actually, the door was sunday but it ties in logically here). We decided to throw a last minute cook out on Sunday and called around to find some participants.  



Sunday morning I drove the chefs again then headed home to prepare for the party. I cut most of the grass...hopefully for the last time this year. The party started around 4:30. The menu:  



Carrots and yogurt, sour cream, and herb dip  
Fish cakes with a spiced yogurt dip  
Sauteed and spiced chick peas  
A fantastic, slow braised rack of pork ribs  
Home made naan on our new port-a-tandoor™ (we cooked the naan and kebabs out back in the fire pit)  
Saffron basmati rice  
Kebabs with beef, zucchini, bell peppers, tomatoes, mushrooms, and tofu.  
Pineapple kebabs  
Cheese cake  
Homemade rose and cardamom ice cream  



The food was all very good. Judy, Brent, Mark, Amy, and Taylor came over and everyone seemed to enjoy the food. There was some good conversation. All in all, a good time. I had a little too much wine and was ready for bed by 8:30 so I napped on the couch, had some water, then went to bed about 10:30. Mildly icky in the morning but not too bad. I was very tired though as I kept waking up in the middle of the night...it was rather warm.  



Almost time to go home...I need to reassess the big blister on my foot and decide if I'm going to kung fu tonight.


<div id="comments"><h4>Comments:</h4><div class="lj-comments"><ul>
<li><h3>monsterbrain: </h3>
<a id="comment-803"></a>
<p><i>port-a-tandoor™</i>
<br>
Hahaha! XD<br>
<br>
I want one. My apartment only allows gas grills, though. And my roommate's little camping-grill thing is pretty wimpy.</p>
</li>
</ul></div></div>
