---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: 2007-12-30 19&colon;32&colon;48
date: 2007-12-30 19:32:48
lj_slug: 265635
lj_id: 265635
---
Christmas went well..Jenn posted lots of details so I'll just recap. We surprised my mom (nobody knew we were going to RI for the holiday). It was a double surprise since she didn't know about my hair. Kind of a whirlwind trip...Jenn's high school reunion on Sunday, drive to the cape on Monday to see her dad and brother, grandparent's party on Monday night, up early on Christmas to open gifts and have breakfast, then off to the airport. We had dinner at Number 1 Chinese Restaurant...it was actually pretty good and we couldn't pass up the opportunity to have Chinese food on Christmas.  



I took most of the week off, working on Friday...got some errands done, a few things around the house, but I mostly just relaxed. I cleaned my office a bit today and reorganized the computer equipment. Two of my switches are in the basement now as I have just enough room on my wrt54g for all my machines. We'll see how the new arrangement works out. I upgraded the wrt54g to the latest openwrt. It's an open access point right now with some firewall rules to keep my pc's safe...so, if you are in north dayton and need some network access, feel free to use mine.  



I also got a couple of DVDs for Christmas (including Dexter season 1 which I just finished watching)..some clothes, two new pairs of shoes, a cook book, a new memory card and bluetooth headset for my phone. There were some other items but those were the notable ones...oh yea, Jenn framed my I'm Votin Houghton poster (from my grandfather's congressional campaign)...not sure where it's going but we'll find a spot for it.  



Jenn wants to have a birthday brunch on tuesday....got three confirmed attendees so far...she hasn't planned the menu yet...we'll have to do that today before we go to the store. I've still got a gift to get her and I have to wrap a bit...got a little cleanup to do around the house as well.
