---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: Updates.
date: 2007-03-05 22:42:58
lj_slug: Updates-249224
lj_id: 249224
---
Lots going on lately...first off, my great uncle (mom's uncle) died the other day. He's been sick for quite a while and everyone agrees he's better off now. I didn't know him well since he lived in Montana but I did get to see him last summer. My grandfather went out a couple of weeks ago since he's been in a hospice for over a month and he's glad he got to visit one more time.  



We bought an ice cream maker friday (on clearance). Made some rose ice cream that's super yummy!  



Jenn and I will be in the Boston area the end of March for her cousin's wedding reception. This is the second reception since they were married in Nicaragua (where his wife is from) and most of Jenn's family couldn't make it to the wedding. It'll be a quick weekend trip but should be nice.  



I'm planning on going to GenCon in August so if anyone else is going and wants to car pool, meet up, etc. let me know.  



One more trip in July. I'll be competing in the USCKF world championship kung fu tournament just outside Baltimore. This will be my first year going and I'm planning on competing in open hand forms and weapons forms...probably Intermediate adult division in both. If I get adventurous and have time, I might compete in a two man set with someone else...but probably not this year. There will be at least one fund raising demo before the tournament. Defiantly one the end of may in the Dayton area somewhere. More details when I get them.  



I want to finish my masters degree but I think my previous thesis has atrophied and I don't think my adviser is keen on advising a long distance thesis...so..I need to come up with a new thesis...probably something related but a little more up to date. My class concentration was artificial intelligence and agent systems. I'm thinking of doing something related to efficient information transfer in massive distributed agent systems...specifically amorphous computers or wireless sensor nets. It's a problem related to my original thesis (a continuous genetic algorithm framework for amorphous computers) but not quite as grand...there was so much to do with the original thesis since there's not been much research in amorphous computing applications and nothing related to the CGA I developed (it was a novel concept). I really could get multiple papers from a project of that scale but I don't want to spend so much time for a thesis...after a year of fairly intense work I hadn't completed a framework for modeling the project and I was only part way through the mathematical foundation...it turns out it makes lots of sense intuitively but it's difficult to prove the same results are obtained from a CGA as from a traditional, discreet GA. Anyway...got any ideas? Once I've got an idea or two I need to find a prof whose willing to sponsor my research while I'm still in Ohio.  



I'm off to make some dinner. TTFN


<div id="comments"><h4>Comments:</h4><div class="lj-comments"><ul>
<li><h3>sberg: </h3>
<a id="comment-753"></a>
<p>Sorry to hear about your great uncle :(<br>
<br>
Very cool on travel stuff, especially the kung fu tournament, fun!<br>
<br>
I can't help you on thesis ideas, but after my own experiences trying to whittle out a done product, remember that smaller is better. D is for done, after all. Carve out a chunk that will make a nice thesis without being super involved and time consuming.<br>
<br>
Also, doing it long distance is workable, but it can be a pain in the ass. There were a bunch of times that I needed to physically stalk my advisor on the days I was in Rochester in order to get feedback on a draft since email contact wasn't always working. I think a big thing is just keeping in touch with your chair and making sure that it's someone who will return the contact. Find a tenured prof if you can, since they won't be as crazy busy as someone not tenured and can (theoretically) devote more time to being on a committee. </p>
<ul>
<li><h3>retrev: </h3>
<a id="comment-754"></a>
<p>I think I'll hound Kaminsky. It'll take some convincing tho since he insists on weekly face to face sit downs to keep his students on track. Exactly what I need so if I can convince him that weekly phone (or perhaps video phone) meetings will be just as good I think I'm in business. I may need to do something a little different because his big research area is the Anhinga project (adhoc networking system in java). I did a largish project with Anhinga for a distributed computing class that I might be able to expand for a thesis.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><h3>tentacularone: </h3>
<a id="comment-755"></a>
<p>I'll be at Gencon, maybe if I see you I can buy you an overpriced convention center lunch as thanks for all the help you've given with my hardware shopping!</p>
<ul>
<li><h3>retrev: </h3>
<a id="comment-756"></a>
<p>I'll post closer to the con when I have schedule details.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul></div></div>
