---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: news
date: 2007-03-12 18:37:37
lj_slug: news
lj_id: 249572
---
Jenn had an appointment with an allergist today. She's officially allergic to just about every non-food thing out there. She's very allergic to cats...so much so that she's been ordered not to sleep with the cat anymore...and no face contact...has to wash her hands after handling the cat. Cleo is going to be so upset...and we have to find alternate arrangements for her little box since it's not in a closet off the bedroom.  



In better news, Professor Kaminsky has agreed to chair my thesis committee even though I'm not in Rochester. I mentioned a little while back that I was going to start up my thesis again so I can finish my degree. Due to topic atrophy and scoping problems, I'm switching topic and adviser. His previous research was on an ad-hoc RPC system called M2MI/M2MP. I have worked with this before and was going to work on a project utilizing this system. He has since shifted focus to a new system called Tuple Board which is a distributed tuple space. My thesis topic will essentially be the same but will work with Tuple Board instead of M2MP. I'll be researching and developing a reliable multi-cast protocol for Tuple Board. It currently uses a series of unicast connections between all group members which is inefficient and Just Plain Silly™. I'm writing up a pre-proposal (basically, a 1page summary of the topic) for approval. Since it's a topic suggested by Prof. Kaminsky, it will likely be approved.


<div id="comments"><h4>Comments:</h4><div class="lj-comments"><ul>
<li><h3>giselc: </h3>
<a id="comment-757"></a>
<p>awww.. poor thing.. <br>
<br>
Which doctor did she finally end up with?</p>
</li>
<li><h3>aurora100: </h3>
<a id="comment-758"></a>
<p>If Jen is allergic to cat spit instead of dander, you can damp wash the cat with a wash cloth before she pets it.  I have to do that with my cats or I break out in an itchy rash.  <br>
<br>
Just take a damp wash cloth and rub the kitty down with it.  They love it and it's kinda funny.  Then it's snuggles galore.<br>
<br>
If she's allergic to the dander, follow Dr.'s orders.</p>
</li>
</ul></div></div>
