---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: 2007-05-09 13&colon;09&colon;36
date: 2007-05-09 13:09:36
lj_slug: 252411
lj_id: 252411
---
Well, on monday I signed up for gencon events...didn't get into everything I wanted...missed out on the Hogwarts LARP and the CoC tournament. Here's my schedule thus far.



8/16 12:00-18:00 A Few Good Nazis  
8/16 20:00-00:00 Coteries, Clans, Covenants & Chaos (I of III)  
8/17 08:00-12:00 Low Down Town Saturday Night  
8/17 12:00-15:00 The Dungeon Crawl: Good vs. Evil  
8/17 16:00-20:00 The Voice of Treason, Part 2  
8/18 11:00-13:00 Firefly - Won't Be Fooled Again  
8/19 10:00-14:00 LEGO Pirate Wars - The Original Lego Pirate Wars  



As you can see, I've still got a couple of big holes in my schedule...I'll see what's available...or maybe I'll just poke around Indy a bit...not sure yet.


<div id="comments"><h4>Comments:</h4><div class="lj-comments"><ul>
<li><h3>tentacularone: </h3>
<a id="comment-768"></a>
<p>Looks fun! I got locked out of the CoC tourney too, and it was the very first thing I tried to sign up for, right when registration opened. </p>
<ul>
<li><h3>retrev: </h3>
<a id="comment-769"></a>
<p>Yea, I had all 8 of my original events in the system ready to hit submit but they auto-logged everyone out of the system. I got back in 3 minutes after it opened and the CoC tourney and hogwarts LARP were already full.<br>
<br>
Anyway, when it gets closer, lets figure out a time to meet up. Maybe lunch or something.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><h3>fishslayer: </h3>
<a id="comment-770"></a>
<p>I really wanted that CoC event.  FUnny thing is that the people I told about it got in, you and Gray.<br>
<br>
arg<br>
lol<br>
<br></p>
<ul>
<li><h3>retrev: </h3>
<a id="comment-771"></a>
<p>Check around the gencon forums. People sometimes are willing to trade events or decide to do something else and release them.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul></div></div>
