---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: Update
date: 2007-05-29 18:40:13
lj_slug: Update-253334
lj_id: 253334
---
Jenn and I worked a catering on saturday which went well but was tiring. Early sunday morning we hit the road for PA to visit Terrasha. It was a long and exhausting drive by we made it. Rented a Volve S40 for the drive since it's the car Jenn wants...figured this would be a good test drive weekend.  



We made it to PA and headed to the camp where to picnic was happening. Met some new people and ate some food. There was rain...lots of it...luckily it all came down in a few short bursts so it wasn't too bad in the end.  



After the party, we went back to Terrasha's and gabbed. I took a nap then woke up for a bit and Jenn crashed. The next morning we got up, had some breakfast and chatted for a while longer then hit the road back to Dayton.  



We went through Amish country for a relaxing and scenic drive. We stopped for lunch at a funny little lunch restaurant owned by a couple of hippy types. It was all vegetarian food and was quite good. (OMG awesome homemade baked beans made with maple syrup they made themselves) The remainder of the drive home was fairly uneventful.  



We stopped at Target in Columbus to get some cat food, etc. and decided to look at digital cameras for no particular reason. There was a decent price on a camera that looked pretty good and we figured this would be a nice birthday gift for me. The tester there had no battery so we stopped at the Beavercreek Target later that night. I looked at a couple of models and still liked the original one. It came with a $20 Target gift card as a rebate and I got a Transformers gift card!! It's Optimus prime and actually transforms!  



Anyway, I got the camera, an extended service plan through target, a 512mb xd card, and a case. It's an Olympus FE230. Just starting to play around with it so I'll give a more detailed report later.



OH...almost forgot! HAPPY BIRTHDAY MEG!!!! Hope it's a good one.
