---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: 2007-11-12 21&colon;42&colon;51
date: 2007-11-12 21:42:51
lj_slug: 264670
lj_id: 264670
---
It's been a week and it still hasn't really hit me...I've accepted the circumstances and the immediate result pretty readily but I don't think the permanence has really sunk in yet. I can tell myself, "this is it...it's for good" but it feels like I'm watching it on tv or in a dream. It's not like I haven't experienced death before...just not like this. It's always been a pet or a relative I didn't know very well (even my grandmother...I hadn't seen her in many years and only occasionally spoke with her on the phone). In those cases, the permanence didn't mean as much...just that I'd miss a few short conversations a year. The part that's hard to accept or even visualize is that I when I call the house and my mom is out, nobody will answer....he won't bug me each month to pay my credit card bill....I won't send him anymore videos about my company...it's this normal, boring, daily life that I'll miss the most.  



Anyway...Jenn and I arrived safe. We flew Skybus....as expected, deep discount but not cheap feeling. The plane was nice, the flight was good, and the cut corners were obvious and a little rough (for example, the flight attendant uniforms are black pants and long sleeve Skybus t-shirts). Sort of felt like I was in a flying restaurant. I'd fly again though. We rented a car in Columbus since it was late and we couldn't secure a ride from the airpoty at the last minute. Got a PT Cruiser...not impressed and certainly not second guessing my decision to never purchase one. The ride home was ok. Work was slow today....about half the team was out due to the holiday so it was quiet. I spent some time catching up on emails, etc. I'm ready to leave now but I'm waiting around for Jenn. We are leaving from here to return the car to Columbus...then dinner...then home. I took my dad's watch to the clock shop next door to get the battery replaced and the band shortened then spent a little time reading about clock mechanisms....maybe I'll build a clock one of these days just for the heck of it...interesting devices. Went over my yearly review with my manager....high marks as usual but no surprise there...my whole team works hard and we all deserve the praise we get. Got a new member of the team today...he works for the open source manager and will only be working on the open source parts of Opticks but he'll be sitting down here with us. I also got a draft of my expense details for next years IRAD finished...waiting for so feedback.
