---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: 2007-04-16 19&colon;38&colon;16
date: 2007-04-16 19:38:16
lj_slug: 251084
lj_id: 251084
---
Brian and Anne came to visit on friday. They showed up in the afternoon so I left work a couple of hours early. We ran a quick errand then headed to the house. Anne stayed there for a nap while Brian and I went to Mendelson's. I got a power supply and we poked around for a while then went back to the house about 5. Jenn came home a little while later and we hung out and chatted for a bit. We all went to Carvers for dinner. I had a rib eye, Jenn had salmon, Brian has prime rib, and Anne had a NY strip. Everything was yummy and there was a jazz band. We rounded out the night watching and episode of Planet Earth.  



The next morning I got up early (6:30) and couldn't get back to sleep so I sat on the computer for a bit then made some coffee. Everyone else got up a little while later. We finished up their short visit with breakfast at George's. It was good to see them but it wasn't really long enough. (never is). We'll be in Rochester in September at the latest and Brian is coming out again for Gen Con.  



Later on saturday, Jenn had a job interview at Jatro Diesel. She wanted me to drive down with her for some support. We arrived a couple of minutes early and her interviewer was a couple of minutes late as he wasn't normally there on Saturday. I was going to stay in the car and read but he insisted I go in with them. I stayed mostly quiet while Jenn interviewed, speaking up a couple of times during the tour but I didn't want to interfere too much. The interview was primarily a personality check since they contacted Jenn after seeing her resume. She was offered a job and starts in a week. I think she was a little shocked at the speed things moved along but she's happy to be starting a new job. She'll be doing receptionist work initially but they have quite a few administrative jobs to fill so she'll slide into whatever responsibilities best fit her. They are willing to adjust her salary quite a bit if she ends up picking more responsibility than expected....if she moves into sales/marketing for example. The major downside is that the office is in Miamisburg which is on the opposite side of Dayton from my job and forms a triangle with my job and the house. This means I'll have a hella-crappy commute for a little while until we get a second car. We've needed another car for a while anyway.  



After the interview, Jenn went to Maharaja to help with a catering. I stayed home to meet the cable guy...I didn't really want to do a catering this weekend anyway. I watched some tv, took a nap, and generally hung out.  



Sunday, we had a late breakfast at the Golden Nugget. Not worth the wait. I'd go back but only if I didn't have to wait to sit down. We had some errands to run at Target and Lowes. I got a new circular saw and drill. 18v Firestorm set. I haven't used it yet since it spent the rest of the day charging but I think I'll be pretty happy with it. Anyone want my old drill? It's an older 12v Firestorm with two battery packs and a charger. Not in pristine condition but it still works well.  



We have a new developer starting work today so I went out for lunch with him and the rest of the team. I'm exhausted today for some unknown reason and I'm having a hard time getting into work...I've been floating through all day and I'm not very productive. Hopefully that will change tomorrow because I've got some things I really need to finish in the next couple of days.
