---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: 2007-11-02 04&colon;17&colon;11
date: 2007-11-02 04:17:11
lj_slug: 263814
lj_id: 263814
---
I arrived and I barely recognized my dad. His face was sunken and his previously thin and boney 117 lb frame had shrunk to 85 lbs. His hands are still the same size and it seems strange. They look more powerful in comparison to the rest of him. I stared at his neck for ages. I could clearly see his carotid artery pulse in jiggle like a worm under his skin. This expression of vitality is so out of place.  



He's home now in hospice care. He desperatly wanted to be home. In the hospital, he kept asking when we were leaving. He'd curse and swear when another 5 minutes would pass and he was still in the hospital. The prognossis, which we just received last night..for the first time is that his kidneys are failing most likely due to dehydration and being overworked because of his liver probems. In addition, he has end stage pancreatic and liver cancer. A few signs were there, but none that were particularly telling..mostly fatigue. He was jaundiced but he skin has always been an off color and his face is ruddy so even my aunt who is a nurse didn't notice it until he was under the bright lights in the ER. This is all happening so fast I haven't had time to process any of it.  



When he was moved into the bed at home which is right where is favorite recliner sits he perked up a bit. He rolled himself over to a more comfortable position without help and he's talked a little more clearly. He's sleeping quietly now..the sheets and blankets pulled up tightly all the way to his neck as he likes to do when it's cold. Now that his withered body is covered and one his head is showing, he looks like my dad again.


<div id="comments"><h4>Comments:</h4><div class="lj-comments"><ul>
<li><h3>mhaithaca: </h3>
<a id="comment-815"></a>
<p>I'm really glad he's home and comfortable. That sounds like what he needs right now.</p>
</li>
<li><h3>october31st: </h3>
<a id="comment-816"></a>
<p><em>hug</em></p>
</li>
<li class=subject><h3>ravenstar: *hugs*</h3>
<a id="comment-817"></a>
<p>You and your family are in my thoughts, and James' as well. We love you guys. I'm so sorry you have to go through this. Do you have the address of your parents house? I want to send your mother something....would food or flowers be more welcome?</p>
<ul>
<li class=subject><h3>klutzywaitress: Re: *hugs*</h3>
<a id="comment-822"></a>
<p><br>
Thank you so much Meg. <br>
<br>
<br>
67 Wilbur Road<br>
Lincoln, RI 02865</p>
</li>
<li class=subject><h3>klutzywaitress: Re: *hugs*</h3>
<a id="comment-823"></a>
<p>By the way, flowers would be very much appreciated. Susan's family is all very close by and is providing us with good, home-cooked comfort food. </p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><h3>pickled_cotton: </h3>
<a id="comment-818"></a>
<p>Hey Trevor... I'm really sorry you guys are going through all this.  I have been in your shoes and I know how hard it is.  You're right, it is indescribable.<br>
<br>
I hope thinking of you guys helps.  I am so glad he is home with you where he so much wanted to be.  I wish you all strength and please let me know if you need anything... I wish I were closer.</p>
</li>
<li><h3>sberg: </h3>
<a id="comment-819"></a>
<p>Thinking of you and your family... It's never easy seeing a parent like this. Sending love and hugs.</p>
</li>
<li><h3>g6w6j6r: </h3>
<a id="comment-820"></a>
<p>im happy that your father gets to be home, where his is comfortable and secure. <br>
<br>
i am sad that his life is ending this way, and that you have no choice but to stand by, helpless. <br>
<br>
unfortunatly, it is a fact that we will all have to deal with someday...<br>
<br>
i empathize with your sadness. good luck.</p>
</li>
<li><h3>aurora100: </h3>
<a id="comment-821"></a>
<p>I'm happy that your father is at home where he wants to be.  <br>
I hope that he is comfortable and enjoys whatever time he has left.<br>
<br>
All my best to you and yours.  I'm glad you went to see him.  I'm glad he's home and at ease.</p>
</li>
</ul></div></div>
