---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: The weekend
date: 2008-03-24 14:21:02
lj_slug: The-weekend-271353
lj_id: 271353
---
Hmm...went to the gym on saturday morning...nothing special there..typical workout.  



Saturday night, Jenn and I worked a catering. Very nice people..all very appreciative and some even helped us clean up at the end. Decent pay..it'll cover my new spark plugs and Jenn's brakes.  



Sunday, we made breakfast then picked a waitress up for Maharaja. Nothing much was opened so we headed home. Jenn wanted to get some painting done so we sanded and primed the dresser in the spare room. I need to fill some dings then sand and prime again. I started cleaning the pulls and it turns out they are silvery, not bronze (I think they are nickel). Jenn wants bronze so I'm going to try and electroplate them..never done bronze but it's mostly copper so it should work ok. Any suggestions? I plan on using a bronze brazing rod and white vinegar with a 9-volt battery...wondering if dilute muriatic would work better...guess I'll see.  



Sunday night, we watched some tv (The Hudsucker Proxy and Bender's Big Score). Dinner consisted of a mammoth standing rib roast (4.6lbs pre-cooked weight for two of us)..got plenty of leftovers for sandwiches tonight.  



I also ordered some spark plugs for my car this weekend. Huzzah eBay...$25 plugs for $9.95...the whole project will cost under $100 including the torque wrench I need to get...still gotta find out the torque settings for my car...anyone know what they are? 2003 MB c230k with the OE iridium plugs. Guess I can call the dealer and see if they can tell me.  



Oh, and I got the car washed too...still needs a good hand wash but it's better.


<div id="comments"><h4>Comments:</h4><div class="lj-comments"><ul>
<li><h3>working_dreamer: </h3>
<a id="comment-862"></a>
<p>OMG - I really liked <i>Bender's Big Score</i>.</p>
</li>
<li><h3>aurora100: </h3>
<a id="comment-864"></a>
<p>OK, really weird.  John and I watched <i>Bender's Big Score</i> last weekend. I'm not sure if I liked it or not, I'm never sure about futurama.  John loved it. </p>
<ul>
<li><h3>retrev: </h3>
<a id="comment-866"></a>
<p>I kinda liked it...not super but as good as an average futurama episode.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul></div></div>
