---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: 2008-09-15 13&colon;23&colon;20
date: 2008-09-15 13:23:20
lj_slug: 277888
lj_id: 277888
---
If you are following the craziness in sw ohio (and still have power to check the interwebs), Jenn and I escaped most of the damage...didn't lose power, only a few limbs down, and no damage to the house. Can't say as much for the rest of the area. 200 000 in Dayton w/o power including most of the gas stations (gas went from about $3.60 to $4.29 this morning), most of the restaurants, and a bunch of houses. The strip of road where my office sits is one of the only places in Fairborn/Beavercreek with power so I'm here today. One of my coworkers was at his parent's in Cincinnati last night. He's still there this morning even though they have no power since he doesn't have enough gas to get back to Dayton and all the gas stations are either w/o power or have no more fuel.


<div id="comments"><h4>Comments:</h4><div class="lj-comments"><ul>
<li><h3>g6w6j6r: </h3>
<a id="comment-894"></a>
<p>its like the apocolypse. </p>
<ul>
<li><h3>retrev: </h3>
<a id="comment-895"></a>
<p>Almost....there's no eating of human flesh yet...I'd give it a few days longer.</p>
<ul>
<li><h3>g6w6j6r: </h3>
<a id="comment-898"></a>
<p>Why not start now? Someone has to take the first bite...</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><h3>aurora100: </h3>
<a id="comment-896"></a>
<p>I'm glad you &amp; Jen are OK. We had very high winds last night, a window blew off my parent's house (one of those crank out things).  We had to board it up at about 2:00 am.  Many tree limbs down, but no major power outages.  </p>
</li>
<li><h3>working_dreamer: </h3>
<a id="comment-897"></a>
<p>Jim and I were lucky enough to have power; I kept praying the newspaper would send us home (clearly, they have not).</p>
</li>
</ul></div></div>
