---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: 2008-01-28 21&colon;30&colon;15
date: 2008-01-28 21:30:15
lj_slug: 268705
lj_id: 268705
---
It was a pretty busy weekend. Jenn made a tasty salmon dinner on friday and we watched some tv.  



Saturday morning we went to AAA to get some passport photos. Next step is to send in the applications (forgot them this morning). I went to the gym afterwards and sparred a bit after class. I'm a little bruised up but not too badly. When we got home, we called my mom and brother and figured out a high level plan for the trip. First few days will be in London. Afterwards, my mom and brother are either going to Wales for a few days or possibly to Brighton. While they do that, Jenn and I are going to Paris for a couple of days. We'll meet up with them either back in London or (if they go to wales) further north...probably Birmingham. We'll make our way up to Scotland via Liverpool and spend a few days in Scotland. Then back down to London and home.  



Later Saturday, we picked up Judy and drove to Columbus. The girls went shopping for a while and I got caught up on some reading. Meredith's birthday party was next. Left about 12:30, went home, and crashed.  



Sunday, we picked up a some winter clothes for Jenn and went skiing. It was her first time and she did great. I got to take a few runs on the harder stuff and it was a pretty good night...I'm glad Jenn enjoyed it and we'll definitely go again.


<div id="comments"><h4>Comments:</h4><div class="lj-comments"><ul>
<li><h3>bits: </h3>
<a id="comment-851"></a>
<p>Spend a few days in Edinburgh.  It has to be my favorite city anywhere.</p>
<ul>
<li><h3>retrev: </h3>
<a id="comment-852"></a>
<p>Thats definitely on our list. Might also go up into the southern highlands if we have time.</p>
<ul>
<li><h3>bits: </h3>
<a id="comment-853"></a>
<p>From Edinburgh, you can grab a few different all day bus tours that head up into the north of Scotland.     We went up through Inverness and stopped at a few places like Urquat Castle on Loch Ness.<br>
<br>
Admittedly, I thought my mere presence at Loch Ness would cause the Monster to RISE OUT OF THE WATER.  It was a bit of a let down.  ;)</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><h3>working_dreamer: </h3>
<a id="comment-854"></a>
<p>Skiing scares me. I'm glad Jen had a good time!</p>
</li>
</ul></div></div>
