---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: 2008-02-14 23&colon;57&colon;46
date: 2008-02-14 23:57:46
lj_slug: 270044
lj_id: 270044
---
* Step 1: Put your music player on shuffle.  



  * Step 2: Post the first line from the first 20 songs that play, no matter how embarrassing.  



  * Step 3: Strike through or italicize the songs when someone guesses both artist and track correctly.  



  * Step 4: For those who are guessing -- looking the lyrics up on a search engine is CHEATING!  



  * Step 5: If you like the game post your own.



Ok, I skipped a few....if the first line was totally obvious (i.e. it's the name of the song) I skipped. If I hit an instrumental, I went to the next song (or any other song) on the album with words. If there were none, I went to the next random song.



  1. ~~taking comfort from lies so that tomorrow won't disturb you~~ \- Rosetta Stone - The Goods Gone [Illuminati mix]  



  2. ~~I push the rythm and touch the healer~~ \- Hydro - Push  



  3. ~~Stand under fountain, cool skin wash clean~~ \- P.J. Harvey - Fountain  



  4. ~~So I want to kill this waitress~~ \- Tori Amos - The Waitress  



  5. ~~Everyone dated the demise of our neighborhood from the suicide of the lisbon girls.~~ \- Air - Suicide Underground   



  6. ~~I dream that one day i'll have a child~~ \- The Streets - War of the Sexes  



  7. ~~Oh, can anybody see the light~~ \- Portishead - Strangers  



  8. ~~It's not hate, It's love~~ \- Gus Gus - Love vs. Hate  



  9. ~~In the relative calm of an all night party~~ \- Shriekback - Sexthingone  



  10. ~~Hey man, hey man~~ \- Apollo Four Forty - Crazee Horse  



  11. ~~You don't remember me but i remember you~~ \- Evanescence - Taking Over Me  



  12. ~~If you're havin' trouble with your high school head~~ \- Hayseed Dixie cover of Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap  



  13. ~~Action, Living in a powder keg and giving off sparks~~ \- Information Society - Baby Just Want  



  14. ~~Come on baby, come on girl~~ \- Moby - Beautiful  



  15. ~~Let's go. Does she walk? does she talk?~~ \- Hayseed Dixie cover of Covergirl  



  16. ~~I dare you to be real~~ \- Bauhaus - Double Dare  



  17. ~~Let me off your psychic cloud~~ \- Gus Gus - Snoozer  



  18. ~~Thick black soul moving slow moving close to you~~ \- Moby - Landing  



  19. ~~Soul suckers, blood sucker, lepers, leeches, artists, musicians, critics, and fans~~ \- Lydia Lunch - Dear Whores  



  20. ~~Gotta tell you what I heard~~ \- Tori Amos - Agent Orange



EDIT: Seeing as I don't have that many readers these days and most probably don't listen to all the eclectic music I do, I'm changing the rules a little bit. I'll reveal 1 song every hour to keep you watching! :) It'll be my own game show! So, keep watching! I'm starting with the one that's been guessed already and I'll do one more.


<div id="comments"><h4>Comments:</h4><div class="lj-comments"><ul>
<li><h3>pickled_cotton: </h3>
<a id="comment-859"></a>
<p>I want to cheat really badly, but I won't ;)<br>
<br>
4. Tori Amos... The Waitress?<br>
11. Tears on My Pillow?  No way!<br>
13. Dammit!  I know this one!<br>
<br>
ARGH!</p>
<ul>
<li><h3>retrev: </h3>
<a id="comment-861"></a>
<ol>
<li>That's it!<br></li>
<li>Nope<br></li>
<li>So do I...hint: it's fairly recent...album came out last fall and I think this was on a summer 07 album as well (single or b-sides type of thing)</li>
</ol>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><h3>phyber: </h3>
<a id="comment-860"></a>
<p>Wow, I'm not sure I know any of them... I'm pathetic! :)</p>
</li>
</ul></div></div>
