---
layout: post
categories: livejournal
title: On the grid, unfortunately
date: 2008-08-26 23:48:40
lj_slug: On-the-grid-unfortunately
lj_id: 277325
---
I was just watching Warren Miller's Off the Grid and now I really miss skiing. I've been thinking about the appeal since I've done many things in my life that I was really into and now am somewhat ambivalent. Skiing, especially hiking off trail has a certain appeal lacking in many other activities I've pursued. You spend all morning hiking over to a run, you're legs ache from the hike and your lungs burn from the dry air. That first look over the edge is terrifying and you can't stop shaking and thinking, "why on earth am I about to ski down this." A few minutes and you decide to try it anyway and you start to slip off the edge. Those first moments are filled with heart pounding terror and images of broken legs and avalanches. Then, as the find picks up and your face goes a little numb from the cold, it hits: absolute calm. I only experience it on those crazy hard runs that are obviously at the edge of, or likely past my abilities. I'd ski them anyway because I was young and stupid. Those were always the runs were I found that intense calm. It's not really the sports "zone" as I've hit that plenty of times in other ventures. It's not even the same calm you get from meditation. It's more of detached calm. Everything slows down like your watching yourself in a slow motion segment of a movie; almost like that scene at the end of the Matrix. The turns aren't exactly effortless but they seem to happen a split second early and then you're onto the next one..everything just sort of flows together. Finally, you hit the flats at the bottom of the avalanche shoot, or bowl, or whatever else you were just skiing down and things speed up again. You realize how fast you're really going and all you can do is head straight and bleed off the excess. Jenn, Brent, Judy, and I were just talking about going to Utah this winter...maybe I'll work hard to make sure that happens..I really miss the mountains.
